To the extent personal data are collected on our pages (such as names, addresses, or e-mail addresses), the input of such data always takes place on a voluntary basis wherever possible. Whenever feasible, it is always possible to make use of the offerings and services without providing any personal data. We wish to point out that the transferring of data via the Internet (for example when communicating via e-mail) may pose security gaps. It is not possible to protect such data completely against access by third parties.
We hereby expressly prohibit the use of the contact data published as part of our duty to publish an imprint for the purpose of sending us any advertising or informational materials that we have not expressly requested. The operators of the web pages expressly reserve the right to pursue legal steps in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as through spam mail.
Use of Piwik
This web site uses the Open Source software Piwik for statistical analysis of visits to this web site. Piwik uses so-called "Cookies", i.e. text files that are stored on your computer to analyze your use of the web site. The Cookie-generated information on your use of this Internet offering are saved on the supplier's server in Germany. The IP address is made anonymous immediately after processing and prior to storage. You may refuse the installation of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software; however, we should point out that in that case it is possible that you will not be able to use all the functions of this web site. If you do not agree to the storage and evaluation of these data from your visit, you may object to the storage and use at any time with a mouse click. In that case, a so-called Opt-Out Cookie will be filed in your browser, as a result of which Piwik will stop collecting any session data. Warning: Every time you delete your Cookies, you will also delete the Opt-Out Cookie which you may have to reactivate in that case.
