Are Credit Monitoring Services Worth It?
In the wake of one data breach after another, millions of Americans each year are offered credit monitoring services that promise to shield them from identity thieves. Although these services can help true victims step out from beneath the shadow of ID theft, the sad truth is that most services offer little in the way of real preventative protection against the fastest-growing crime in America.
Having purchased credit monitoring/protection services for the past 24 months — and having been the target of multiple identity theft attempts — I feel somewhat qualified to share my experience with readers. The biggest takeaway for me has been that although these services may alert you when someone opens or attempts to open a new line of credit in your name, most will do little — if anything — to block that activity. My take: If you’re being offered free monitoring, it probably can’t hurt to sign up, but you shouldn’t expect the service to stop identity thieves from ruining your credit.
Avivah Litan, a fraud analyst at Gartner Inc., said offering credit monitoring has become the de facto public response for companies that experience a data breach, whether or not that breach resulted in the loss of personal information that could lead to actual identity theft (as opposed to mere credit card fraud).
“These are basically PR vehicles for most of the breached companies who offer credit report monitoring to potentially compromised consumers,” Litan said. “Breached companies such as Target like to offer it as a good PR move even though it does absolutely nothing to compensate for the fact that a criminal stole credit card mag stripe account data. My advice for consumers has been – sure get it for free from one of the companies where your data has been compromised (and surely these days there is at least one).  But don’t expect it to help much – by the time you get the alert, it’s too late, the damage has been done.  It just shortens the time to detection so you may have a slightly improved chance of cleaning up the damage faster.  And you can get your credit reports three times a year from the government website for free which is almost just as good so why pay for it ever?”
Normally, I place fraud alerts on my credit file every 90 days, as allowed by law. This step is supposed to require potential creditors to contact you and obtain your permission before opening new lines of credit in your name. You merely need to file a fraud alert (also called a “security alert”) with one of the credit bureaus ( Equifax , Experian or Trans Union ). Whichever one you file with is required by law to alert the other two bureaus as well.
Most consumers don’t know this (few consumers know the names of the three main credit bureaus), but there is actually a fourth credit bureau that you should alert: Innovis. This bureau follows the same rules as the big three, and you may file a fraud alert with them at this link .
Fraud alerts last 90 days, and you can renew them as often as you like (a recurring calendar entry can help with this task); consumers who can demonstrate that they are victims or are likely to be victims of identity theft can apply for a long-term fraud alert that lasts up to 7 years (a police report and other documentation may be required).
I’m not sure what happened last year, but I believe some fraudsters managed to apply for credit in my name right after my 90-day fraud alert had expired. In any case, I received a call from AllClearID (formerly Debix), a credit monitoring service that I’ve used for nearly two years now. AllClearID called to tell me someone had made several applications for credit with Capital One.
AllClearID quickly conferenced in a representative from Capital One’s fraud team, but Capital One wouldn’t tell us anything about the application unless I gave them every piece of information about me they didn’t already have. We went round and round with Capital One for hours about this, but got nowhere; I refused to hand over more personal information just to prove to them I wasn’t the one who made the application, and each new representative we spoke with made us retell the story from the beginning.
In all, I had several fraudulent applications for credit in my name, and while none of them were granted, each resulted in a “hard pull” against my credit file. Anytime a creditor pulls your credit file for the purposes of checking an application for new credit, it dings your credit score down a few notches. And as Evan Hendricks writes in his primer on the credit industry ( Credit Scores & Credit Reports: How the System Really Works, and What You Can Do ), “the worse your credit score, the more you pay for mortgages, loans, credit cards, and insurance. Conversely, the better your credit score, the more favorable terms you will get on interest rates and premiums.”
Unfortunately, another thing that often happens with fraudulent applications is that thieves use only part of your real information — mixing your name and Social Security number with an alternate address, for example. This is what happened on two of the fraudulent applications for credit in my name, with the result that this incorrect data was added to my credit file.
AllClearID has been tremendously professional, and quickly alerted me each time Capital One pulled my credit file. But the company could do nothing to stop creditors from pulling my file, or fraudsters from making new applications in my name. The biggest help they’ve been so far is in getting Capital One to remove the fraudulent (score-dinging) credit pulls from my file, and in scrubbing the fraudulent data from my credit file (actually, that part is ongoing: Trans Union has steadfastly ignored requests to remove bogus addresses on my file, necessitating AllClear’s filing of an official complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ).
I asked several experts that I trust for their views on credit monitoring services in general, and to explain their benefits and weaknesses. I also wanted to know why none of the credit monitoring services will offer to renew 90-day fraud alerts on behalf of customers.
Julie Ferguson, a board member of the Identity Theft Resource Center , said a lawsuit by Experian against Lifelock effectively killed that service for virtually all credit monitoring services, with the exception of Equifax.
“After Experian sued Lifelock, none of the banks wanted to distribute and sell it as a service,” Ferguson said. “Equifax will still. Nobody else does anymore, not even Experian.”
Ferguson also stressed that there are varying levels of protection services offered by the credit bureaus and private companies, and that although many of them are priced similarly ($10-$15 per month), they vary widely in the services they provide.
Take, for example, the ProtectMyID package that Experian contracted with Target to offer customers following last year’s massive data breach . The service will monitor your credit report daily and alert you of any changes, and includes up to $1 million in identity theft protection insurance. The service also offers users a fraud resolution agent if identity theft does surface, and it provides a free copy of the user’s credit report (Experian is required by law to provide a free copy of your credit report each year anyway, via annualcreditreport.com). Those who sign up for the free service still have to pay extra to see a copy of their credit scores.
“The ‘protection’ provided by these services is really all over the map once you delve into the services they provide,” Ferguson said. “Some will give you credit monitoring only on one credit bureau, while others will monitor your file at all three.”
Avivah Litan, a fraud analyst with Gartner Inc., rattled off a long list of reasons why credit monitoring services aren’t much use to most consumers.
-Most won’t tell you if a new wireless or cable service has been taken out in your name.
-They do nothing to monitor your bank account transactions, credit card accounts (for fraudulent charges), retirement accounts, brokerage accounts, loyalty accounts and more. And these are all areas where consumers should be very concerned about account takeover.
-They do nothing to tell you if a bad guy has hijacked your identity for non-financial purposes, i.e. to get a new driver’s license, passport or other identity document.  Of course a bad guy impersonating a consumer using a forged identity document can end up in prison, causing lots of problems for the victim whose identity was hijacked.
-They do nothing to stop tax fraud (typically tax refund fraud) against you.  Same is true for other government benefit programs, i.e. medicare fraud, Medicaid fraud, welfare fraud, and Social Security fraud .
“In short, they only give consumers limited help with a very small percentage of the crimes that can be inflicted on them,” Litan said. “And consumers can get most of that limited help for free via the government website or free monitoring from a breached entity where their data inevitably was compromised.”
DO THESE SERVICES HELP AT ALL?
“They help if it’s too hard for you to look through your free credit report and make sense of all the activity in it,” Litan said. “Also they can alert you faster than the free credit report does, depending on timing of the infraction and when you look at your free credit report.”
Litan added that some services — such as Lifelock — have a few extra bells and whistles. For example, Lifelock sometimes gets information (such as from the Early Warning System ) when profile information on your bank account has changed (e.g. change of address).
“They also have access to most mobile carrier account application data,” Litan said. “Equifax has some extra utility company data.  So, some of these firms have access to some extra data than can help in other scenarios.”
While most plans offer identity theft insurance — usually advertised as up to $1 million — most of that is coverage consumers already have under existing laws and Visa/MC zero liability rules, Litan says.
“On top of that they reimburse ID theft victims for some legal fees and some minor expenses like postage stamps,” Litan said. “But if someone takes out a mortgage in your name and now you owe the bank $100k or more – nobody covers that, and that’s what they need to cover.”
Ferguson said credit monitoring services are most useful for people who have already been victimized or for those who are likely to be victimized (by an jilted spouse/lover, or stalker, for example). For those individuals, it makes sense to purchase a plan that offers triple credit bureau monitoring for maximum protection. The main downside of this approach is that a fraudulent application for credit can result in a deluge of alerts, emails and phone calls from all three bureaus simultaneously.
ALTERNATIVES TO CREDIT MONITORING
As mentioned above, placing a fraud alert on your credit file every 90 days is the cheapest (as in free) way to block creditors from granting new lines of credit in your name, and from unnecessarily dinging your credit score.
You are entitled to a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit bureaus annually. The only site you need to obtain this free copy is annualcreditreport.com , or by phone via 877-322-8228. Everywhere else will try to sell you a report, or offer a “free” report if you agree to sign up for some kind of subscription service — usually credit monitoring.
If you have been the victim of identity theft, or if you don’t anticipate needing to take out a loan or apply for new lines of credit anytime soon and you’d rather not deal with fraud alerts, placing a freeze on your credit file may be the smarter option.
A security freeze gives consumers the choice to “freeze” or lock access to their credit file against anyone trying to open up a new account or to get new credit in their name. As Consumers  Union writes, “when a security freeze is in place at all three major credit bureaus, an identity thief cannot open a new account because the potential creditor or seller of services will not be able to check the credit file. When the consumer is applying for credit, he or she can lift the freeze temporarily using a PIN so legitimate applications for credit or services can be processed.”
Forty-nine states and the District of Columbia now have laws on the books allowing consumers to freeze their credit (Michigan is the holdout). Many of these laws allow the placement of a freeze for free if the consumer has a police report documenting an identity theft episode; for those without an ID theft scare notched on their belt, most states allow for the placement of a freeze for a $10 fee. See this site for more details on the various state freeze laws and instructions on how to obtain them.
Consumers also can reduce their exposure to identity theft by opting out of unsolicited credit card or insurance offers. Doing this, via  www.optoutprescreen.com , or 888-5OPT-OUT, should block most unsolicited applications and reduce the incidence of identity theft. Doing so removes your name, address and personal identifiers from lists supplied by the Equifax, Experian, TransUnion and Innovis credit reporting agencies that are used for preapproved and pre-screened offers of credit or insurance.
Tags: AllClearID , annualcreditreport.com , avivah litan , capital one , Consumers Union , Debix , Early Warning System , Equifax , Evan Hendrix , Experian , Gartner Inc. , Identity Theft Resource Center , Innovis , Julie Ferguson , Lifelock , ProtectMyID , target , TransUnion
This entry was posted on Wednesday, March 19th, 2014 at 10:51 am      and is filed under A Little Sunshine .       You can follow any comments to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.               Both comments and pings are currently closed.
March 19, 2014 at 5:19 pm
Brian, you should really highlight on the MANY services that are claiming to be ‘protection services’ but are actually ‘data mining services’.  I will retrieve the links from an experience my wife had, where she was lured into a credit report by a company that is beyond “shady”, and whom I am still fighting to get her information DELETED from their systems.  I have had to cancel a credit card because of their failure to remove her and stop billing her.  Here’s the worst part.  They were listed on one of the “big three’s” websites, and their own site has links back to that same ‘big-three’ member.  This whole credit monitoring issue is MUCH worse and MUCH MORE dangerous than the thieves who steal information, because these shady companies lure you in, and obtain your permission with misleading statements.
People need to research these companies before they even start typing the first character into a form on the site because you just never know what you’re getting yourselves into.
March 19, 2014 at 6:02 pm
Call me a socialist or impractical, but I think the credit reporting business needs to be more highly regulated, to the point where their sole business must be credit reporting ONLY and they may not be in the business of buying or selling information or database products except as part of the credit reporting function.
In the lender-credit bureau-consumer love triangle, the consumer is the product, not the customer.  Lenders are the customer and this means the credit bureaus have an obvious moral hazard with regard to the data they report — the worse they portray potential borrowers to creditors, the more money creditors make through higher interest rates and fees.  This means that the credit bureaus have zero incentive to fix problems or make any effort at ensuring that reported data is accurate.    The less accurate it is and the lower your score, the more valuable the information is.
March 20, 2014 at 2:04 pm
You can’t regulate it – the entire premise of their business model is untenable when it comes to security.  There is not a way you can strip information that most often the subject of – aka you and me – don’t want to give away, bundle it and sell it to millions of companies, governments, and security contractors without leaking it all over the place. Basically if they did create a super secret and highly audited framework to lock down the flow of info, the cost would be so enormous it wouldn’t be worth doing. There is also a financial conflict of interest at play – if the consumer has ability to remove things that are questionable then most stuff would get removed because few if any unresolved debts are 100% the fault of the borrower and they know that.
March 19, 2014 at 6:05 pm
March 19, 2014 at 7:34 pm
Indeed. This is a very timely article!
I had to put a security freeze on my credit  a few years ago and it will lapse sometime next year.
There had been a clerical error apparently. Someone had almost the same Soc. Sec. # I had (which was off by one digit!)
A representative from Lifelock recommended that I place a security freeze on my credit for good measure.
Recently I found out that I could not create an online account at SSA due to the freeze!
(Formerly I had an account at SSA)
Anyway, I thoroughly read your article and I’m so glad I did. I found out some information re: my State’s policy on securing / removing a credit freeze about which I was unaware.
I encourage all those who appreciate you and your website to donate to http://www.krebsonsecurity.com .
I agree, this “credit monitoring” stuff is PR garbage.
You really ought to consider a credit FREEZE.  I have one and I love it; I don’t have to worry about any of this stuff.  It makes it impossible for anybody to even pull my credit report without me either (a) specifically unlocking it for that creditor or (b) unlocking it for 72 hours.
Unfortunately I’ve found that (a) doesn’t work that well (oftentimes the name of the company doing the credit check mismatches), but then again I don’t apply for credit very often anymore.
This is only available in certain states (California for one).  I really wish the Federal government would require the option be offered to all citizens.
March 20, 2014 at 8:41 am
In your experience, how long does it take the credit bureaus to lift the freeze after you contact them? I’m wondering how far in advice you need to do it when you plan to apply for credit. Thanks.
March 20, 2014 at 12:36 pm
I have a security freeze – best thing ever.  I don’t recall exactly how much time it takes to lift, but I seem to recall I gave it a couple days last time I tried.
Not a good option for somebody who decides to sign up for a store credit card on the spur of the moment, but great for people who plan ahead and manage their finances.
March 20, 2014 at 11:39 pm
I’ve done it before for the next day.  Never tried same day.  In general you specify the date range you want the freeze lifted for.
How can you not mention the good folks at creditkarma.com. They provide best service as far as I know. Free monitoring and free credit score, updates every week.
March 20, 2014 at 8:43 am
What do they get out of this–information they can sell to other companies? There’s gotta be a catch; they can’t be offering this service for free without one.
March 20, 2014 at 8:44 am
March 20, 2014 at 9:18 am
As I posted below, the service has its limitations, but it makes its money by marketing information about “special offers” to its customers, not by selling their personal information. Mea culpa.
March 19, 2014 at 9:26 pm
March 20, 2014 at 9:12 am
For anyone who’s interested in this service, be sure to read my post about it elsewhere in this comment section.
March 19, 2014 at 11:32 pm
Since each credit bureau is required to give you a credit report once a year free if requested, I request one on Febuary 1, from a different bureau on June 1 and from the third bureau on October 1. Not perfect but it is better than getting all three and once and waiting a year to see how much incorrect information has accumulated.
I think I’ll look into the fraud alerts and permanent freezes as those are things I hadn’t considered doing before reading about them here.
March 20, 2014 at 5:29 am
I didn’t go this way, but only because I planned to Freeze my credit. I requested all three reports at once. I found some minor issues – but I haven’t had the time to yell at the agencies.
Then my information was stolen, I now have free tracking from one of the named services, and I think the requisite Police report for filing for my freezes. I plan to actually deal with the paperwork for freezing my credit in a few weeks.
Note that while Brian talks about the big three agencies (and the plus one), there are also agencies for other countries: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Credit_bureau#List_of_credit_reporting_agencies
Personally, as an expat, I’m recommending my fellow expats go with Freezes for all the countries in which they are no longer actively seeking credit (which should be all of them).
March 20, 2014 at 11:33 am
Interesting wiki link! I notice the big three are still involved with the majority of those countries. I would think, surely the data bases would be shared world wide within any one of the big three companies – maybe not. International law could complicate things I suppose.
If you move from one country to another, you start with essentially zero credit. The only workaround to this is American Express — they offer “Global Transfer” which lets you use your previous AmEx credit to get a new AmEx card in your new region (US, Canada, Europe).
And, yeah, the fact that there is significant overlap between countries is quite amusing / distressing, etc.
I don’t think its international law (which is mostly a myth). It’s probably mostly a mix of each country’s laws (e.g. privacy), as well as how hard it is to correlate people without some globally unique ID. Each country has an identifier, but names aren’t generally globally unique…
March 19, 2014 at 11:43 pm
I would think creditkarma.com is at least selling your information, the only really truly “free” stuff is exactly what Brian put in the article. And we’ve all heard how this information gets into the wrong hands – reference reporting agencies getting into trouble shown here on KOS!
You would think at least one of these credit watchers would allow freeze re-initiation, so the customer would not have to remember to do it themselves every 90 days. I’ve never trusted Life Lock, I’m not surprised they are already involved in litigation trouble – but I’ve also wondered if the reporting agencies see them as robbing them of the same business – I don’t know what the rules on this are, or if that would be a conflict of interest as seen by the SEC or the CFPB.
As was said by others here, this is a great and very useful article, and KUDOs to KOS for publishing it!
I definitely signed up for the opt-out pre-screen!!! I hate getting all those offers in the mail, and I can’t just throw them away, I have to shred everyone of them – WHAT A PAIN!! Hopefully I will get fewer of them now. If not, maybe it IS time for a complaint to the CFPB! I hear Richard Cordray is a like a junk yard dog over there!
March 20, 2014 at 9:15 am
March 20, 2014 at 1:32 pm
They can build their database on that model, and then switch to a new model that exploits and leverages their ‘investment’ in the future.
I think a more important question is how will they make their money in the future, say 5 years from now, or 50 years .. or 100.
Building a brand, and then monetizing it is pretty standard practice, so it’s more likely than not in their case as well.
March 20, 2014 at 2:11 pm
March 20, 2014 at 3:49 pm
March 19, 2014 at 11:52 pm
1) I wonder, shouldn’t the credit agencies all be required to buy each other’s data so they can do their due diligence on things like credit freezes and such?
So, say for example someone has notified a credit agency that they don’t want credit, don’t want a mortgage, don’t want credit of any kind, and any such request for credit of any kind whatsoever, in any form, is fraudulent.
First question: Would the other agencies be negligent if they didn’t check with each other?  I mean, they do SAY they do due diligence.. but it appears they do not even do the most simple tasks, such as pay the other credit agencies to check their data.  They all pretend they operate in a vacuum.
Second question: if someone had them put a note on file that requested a credit freeze but objected to paying them protection money and they continued to operate as though there was no credit freeze, where would the liability be?
In other words, once they are notified, whether they demand $10 or a $1,000,000 becomes moot.  They have been notified of the request.  My advice to the credit agencies is that they would be wise to effect the freeze without the ransom demand.
2) I think folks see the ransom demand of $10 for what it is, a way to put a barrier to folks opting out of their credit data business model.  I recognize not everyone can take the ‘no credit at all’ approach, particularly if they want or need to play the credit game.
3) It’s also  interesting these problems are happening after decades of ‘credit expansion’.  In some ways it’s another delayed price to be paid for that unsustainable economic model.  It’s also interesting many folks have an anchoring bias towards that period where the party was full swing and the price to be paid was in the future.  We are in what PIMCO termed ‘the new normal’.  So long as the pie was growing at a good clip these sorts of ‘glitches’ would be buried in good looking numbers (e.g. GDP growth that was still 4+%).  As we get to smaller arbitrage economics (to distributive economics) these unpleasant inefficiencies become more apparent.
It’s clear we need a revamp of the credit regulations, but hey, looking to Congress is a waste of time also.
March 20, 2014 at 8:59 am
The credit bureaus compete against each other, so they wouldn’t want to coordinate like that, I would imagine. They’re in the business of providing information to companies looking for new customers, or keeping tabs on their current ones. Making sure the information is correct isn’t their primary concern.
March 20, 2014 at 11:25 am
I guess I should have made it clear they don’t want to buy each other’s data. (of course they don’t, they want the muppets to have to buy the data, but nooooOOOooo..  perish the thought that they be required to pay list price for their own product!)
By definition, not checking the other reports, particularly when they have been alerted that ‘there is something there’ is negligent in my book, and I suspect many juries would find likewise.
March 20, 2014 at 3:13 pm
Their information grabbing tentacles keep getting deeper, sooner or later someone will come up with a way to inject false/extra info by the millions to them all to the point their data is worthless. Sooner or later the government will have no choice but to shut them down as their constant breaches and intrusions start to hit home.
March 20, 2014 at 3:56 pm
This link is ONLY to a screenshot of the form page on my account with no identifying information as to where this site is.  I don’t believe in promoting that type of site:
http://images.quickblogcast.com/4/2/6/6/5/166425-156624/createapublicrecord.png
This form can be used to create whole people as well as add/alter data on existing people by keeping some fields the same as a person.  It then propagates throughout other data brokers.
March 20, 2014 at 4:10 pm
This has been anticipated by NIST – but then again, I can’t say whether they will come up with a proper model to mitigate it. We all know how well anything remotely involved with the gubbamint turns out!
March 20, 2014 at 12:40 am
Brian, you interviewed me during our effort to get a Credit Freeze (CF) law passed in DE (the credit card state) in 2006, against the fierce opposition of the CRAs and banking industry.
Your last 3 paragraphs are the action take away for your sidebar. Credit monitoring is NOT preventive.
Am surprised you didn’t get a police report from the attack on you and your significant other, and then use it to apply for a free Credit Freeze to be put in place on each of your accounts with the 4 CRAs (8 Freezes).
Have operated the CF for my new loan apps, opening/closing it, since 2006, and it is a breeze.
The day will come when you will be too old to remember to do your 90 day/7 year Fraud Alert sequence, but you are never too old, nor too young, to have your good credit stolen in the USA of 2014. FA is NOT preventive. Why are you using the FA Kleenex, when there’s a CF vaccine available?
On Dec 6, I left the US for Antarctica, returning Jan 23. Target breach? Not a concern. I could have handed my Critical PII to the thieves before I left. Thank you Credit Freeze. I guard my PII, but the CF adds a thick layer of protection from the thin data protections of the 2014 US private sector.
March 20, 2014 at 9:21 am
March 20, 2014 at 11:36 pm
That day or the next day.  When you temporarily lift a freeze, you specify the date range.  Eg. “I want the freeze lifted for March 25-March30.” You have to do this for all 3 bureaus if you don’t know which one will be checked.  It can be a pain.  I’ve found lifting freezes by phone to be easier than the websites.
I wonder, if you were to call a business ahead of time, if it’d tell you which bureau it uses.
March 20, 2014 at 8:56 am
Please note that you can request to be taken off of the list of people who receive unsolicited credit offers for five years online, but if you want to be taken off of it permanently, you need to print out a form, fill it out, and put it in the mail.
Also, even if you sign up, you’ll likely get occasional credit offers from companies with which you already do business, Legit companies tend to respect your wishes if you call them and say that you don’t wish to receive more offers, though–at least for a while.
I’ve let my credit card companies know I don’t wish to receive those blank checks that can be used to make purchases, either, and they’ve complied. Those things can be dangerous if they fall into the wrong hands.
March 20, 2014 at 12:59 pm
Your suggestion works if there is just a few people using that mechanism, not if a million people are doing it.
With volume, those requests could simply be dumped – your snail mail will get lost, dropped, and mishandled, in an isolated incident of course.
One could say ‘no way’, but history is filled with similar examples (e.g. IRS dumped tax forms in the past).
So then we could try registered mail, which finding whom to send it to becomes an issue.  And how do we know it’s been processed?  And when they send form letter saying it’s processed, how do you know it’s processed? etc. and so on.  Once their proverbial authentication certificate is revoked there is no authentication possible.
It’s one heck of a fine system they created.  And we get to pay the price (we can’t even opt out in any meaningful way).
March 20, 2014 at 2:14 pm
I was just offering people some details about how things work now. My husband and I have opted out permanently using the form from the Opoutprescreen website, and we’re very pleased with the results.
March 20, 2014 at 9:10 am
I looked up the details about Credit Karma. They make their money by sending customers offers for services from their partner companies. They only offer you detailed information from TransUnion. And they give you a credit score that’s supposed to reflect information from all three major credit bureaus, but that’s not likely to be the score possible lenders will see (and base your interest rate on). It’s not your FICO score, in other words.
March 20, 2014 at 1:41 pm
The thing is – if a big retailer like Target can’t be trusted with our personal information, I got a feeling that a place like creditkarma will probably be even less concerned with protecting this information in their servers. I personally think it is good to limit as much as possible any vendor, online store, or web-site from having any accurate information about me personally. The lower the number, the less imposing my threat profile is, the way I look at it. At least when you deal directly with the reporting agencies yourself, there is no more risk than usual, because they already have all your information as it is.
March 22, 2014 at 9:01 am
You’re preaching to the choir, J. I was just putting the information out there for anyone who was intrigued by the posts saying, “Use Credit Karma.”
1.  You were wasting your time with CapOne and should have gone directly to the credit bureaus.  They are required by Federal Law (FCRA, Sec 605B) to block any info caused by identity theft within 4 business days as long as you’re willing to provide your ID, an ID theft report and a statement saying the info is not yours.
2.  The security freeze (aka Credit Freeze) is considerably more effective than credit monitoring and/or perpetually adding new fraud alerts every 90 days.  The cost is either zero or, if you have been the victim of fraud, capped by state law.  Where I live, GA, it’s $3 per credit bureau…so $9 total. Because of your CapOne fraud a security freeze would have been free for you.
3. Regarding the criticism of credit monitoring services…they’re called CREDIT monitoring services for a reason.  They’re not designed to monitor bank accounts or credit card fraud or the sale of your data via black market websites or tax fraud or utility fraud. They’re designed to monitor changes on your CREDIT report and most of what the Gartner analyst was listing isn’t even on a credit report.
4.  The credit monitoring service provided in the wake of the Target breach is single bureau monitoring, which means it monitors one of your three credit report.  That’s like locking one of the three doors in your house.  Ineffective unless you’re lucky enough that a fraudster applies for credit in your name and the lender just happens to use the one credit report that’s being monitored.
March 20, 2014 at 8:13 pm
You should really read things more thoroughly before calling someone out… And, once again, he did talk about CF, so you really haven’t made as much of a contribution to the subject at hand as you think.
March 24, 2014 at 2:02 pm
But they have access to your account, both checking, and savings. And after a credit check inquiry , I saw the numbers to the wifes IRA listed in the transaction areas. So why are they not covered, unknown? Somehow these folks datamine to the extreme. It used to be called churning in the financial industries, and that was declared illegal. So what is it called in the datamining industry, when every bit is up for grabs? and for a profit.
March 20, 2014 at 12:27 pm
I thought I’d read somewhere that identity thieves were starting to pull those free reports for you, in order to get all your information, as well as to make it harder for you to monitor what they are doing.
Any idea if this is really a problem, or just a marketing attempt to get you to pull your reports all at the beginning of the year, and then pay to get them later?
The flawed credit system just adds layers upon the problem.
To use OOP as a metaphor, if the base classes are poorly designed, then the derived objects will inherit those flaws.
The base class of the credit system is that authentication is focused on legal defense of the CRAs, not you.  As such,at best , it is only half the problem of authentication.
Regardless of authentication, if it’s only one way, then the authentication system can be spoofed, and the authentication data mined for further exploits.  This is as true for two, three, or a million factor authentication as it is for single factor.
And that’s the problem; whatever you provide to authenticate yourself, a black hat can also (“what one fool can do, so can another”).
By not providing authentication of the system, user authentication is exploitable.  Sure, one can make it an arms race, but that’s all it is, an arms race.  That’s why we see more exploits now than in the past; the black hats have better capabilities, including funding to buy the data they need.
March 20, 2014 at 1:55 pm
There are some really good 2nd and 3rd factor authentication systems out there, one of them seems the simplest and cheapest to implement, and that is PassWindow. Although it could also be merged with SMS technology and is scalable as hell – it uses ingenious methods that would limit the ability to do a man in the middle authentication. I think it would eliminate it all together, because a big piece of the information is what you have, and it isn’t electronic(although scaling it up could possibly involve that), so the man in the middle would get nothing except possible session riding into the target site. Rapport could mitigate that already, so I have a feeling the web is going to have no choice but to go with what is “just keep it simple stupid” and go with something like PassWindow.
March 20, 2014 at 12:48 pm
Another aspect of the police report requirement for getting out of the protection payment demand by the credit agencies is that the information on the police report is valuable information in itself.  It would have, I presume, the correct address, SSN, etc.  A police report, rearranged is nice current accurate information (at least the identification part anyway).
I suppose the credit agencies would like to get their information corrected either by you paying, or, well, you still pay.  Most folks working hourly would pay quite a price to file a police report, so it’s a loss for them no matter how you slice it.  I would imagine that in the future one would pay simply to contact the credit agencies in anyway, similar to the charge from a bank to use a teller.
Question 1:
Can the police report be entirely redacted?  Let’s understand that Experian has said we ‘agreed’ to give them our information.. so therefore they must accept when we do not agree as well, yes?
Question 2:
if someone doesn’t agree, how can they register that they don’t agree without having the credit agencies use the identification information to update their databases?  In other words, how does one authenticate when denying the other party access?
Freezing credit:
As stated in another post, of course they don’t want to buy the data from other CRAs, they sell data, not buy it.  Yet, by definition, if they are aware that data exists that is significant, it is negligent to represent otherwise.  They should be required to buy each other’s data, at list prices of course.  And particularly once they have been alerted.  So, tell CRA 1 to put on a freeze.  Tell other CRA’s that there is significant data change at CRA1.  Result is that they HAVE been notified.  If the CRA’s choose to give out credit pretending ignorance,  that’s negligent, and malicious negligence at that.
March 20, 2014 at 3:06 pm
My credit was hurt when I was divorced since my husband ran up bills without my knowledge. Luckily a lot of those were in his name only so I wasn’t liable for them. They did show up on my credit record but it was pretty easy to get them, and his addresses, taken off my records. Then I closed and paid off the joint account. Within a year I had pretty good credit even though it took somewhat longer to get rid of the bills.
I did have to go through the same process at all the credit bureaus individually but it was free and didn’t take long.
March 20, 2014 at 3:36 pm
Someone posted that, to the credit industry, the consumer is actually the product. Wall St. knows that the most valuable commodity is not cash, gold, real estate or ?? – it’s DEBT. They spend millions convincing the sheeple how important CREDIT (debt) is the American way of life thereby enslaving us. Don’t believe it. Just look at the mortgage debacle and how it all revolved around packaging and reselling DEBT as mortgage backed securities.
Still don’t believe it? Why then are CC ads all touting how much money they’ll give you back if you go into debt? WHAT? Why are we rewarded with lower interest rates when we have good credit scores? They say because we are less of a risk if we have good scores. So, again, banks/insurance punish us financially when we’ve rejected their enslavement (DEBT). Pretty sick!
Having been through all that and filing Chap13 bankruptcy to protect my house, no one wants to hijack my credit. We have learned to live without credit nicely (thank you) and, moving forward, I will NEVER have another credit card.
March 20, 2014 at 3:47 pm
No wonder I don’t have more stellar credit scores than I feel I deserve! I keep my cards paid off! 
March 20, 2014 at 4:12 pm
Just a little more about https://www.optoutprescreen.com .    They state: ” Through this website, you may request to:
Opt-Out from receiving Firm Offers permanently – (mail Permanent Opt-Out Election form available through this website).
Opt-In and be eligible to receive Firm Offers. This option is for consumers who have previously completed an Opt-Out request – (electronically through this website).”
If you have elderly relatives with dementia issues, the permanent opt-out for them would be a good idea as well as monitoring their mail for charity scams.  As for me, I completed the opt-out process in January and now life is a little better.
March 20, 2014 at 4:23 pm
I was part of a Utah state data breach of 800,000 people from hospitals & Dr’s who were ‘pinging’ the Medicaid system to see if they might make some money ( hit those with medicaid or no medicaid).  My retired parents, my son were also part of the data breach.  We were offered the Protect my ID Experian product & are on our second year with this service.  My problem with this service is it sends an alert that something is wrong with your credit report, but gives no specific reason, person or company.  It only offers you a link to pay $14.95 to find out what company is involved.  So basically I’m alerted but given no information regarding the alert.  I agree with the author of this article that it’s useless.
March 20, 2014 at 4:41 pm
Brian, Thank you so much for this great information!  This will be one of my weekend projects.  I’ve never set up a fraud alert or freeze before, but I will now.  I can easily go for the freeze, my credit has been static since refinancing a mortgage a few years ago, and I’m not planning to change anything any time soon. Thanks again!
March 21, 2014 at 4:21 am
I have an issue with the sentiment the “some fraudster took out a mortgage in my name and now I owe $100,000”.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
If a fraudulently obtained loan  is taken out in your name, it’s on the loan provider.  Just file an affidavit and police report and put a not in your credit record. You owe no such amount. The burden is on the creditor to do due diligence in offering the credit and proving that it was you who obtained it.
You are under no obligation to pay the “debt” if you did not  apply for and agree to it.
March 21, 2014 at 5:01 am
March 21, 2014 at 10:35 am
However, freezes can come into play when you try to establish a new cellphone contract as the service providers often look at credit reports.
March 21, 2014 at 11:46 am
Lets say I have in the past accidentally lost a CC that I thought was compromised and had another mailed to me.
With cards being good for 3+ years – some way longer – the potential risk of a card getting pwned is pretty good now a days.
Though the banks are getting more proactive on CC abuse/activity because it is happening more, and cutting into their profit margin they consider safe, the fact remains that they will deem when its time to replace your card.
I tend to want to help them decide when to replace the card. Its my money and time wasted in the bank filling out fraud paperwork, saying I told them so…
March 21, 2014 at 7:25 pm
Big fan of your blog and I work for one of the big 3 CRAs so I wanted to clarify a couple of things. I don’t work with the credit monitoring product or in the credit reporting/credit risk area at all but I am familiar with the issues involved.
1. On the “hard pull” affecting your credit score … you are right to point this out, but any effect is very temporary.
First, there’s a floor. A single inquiry doesn’t do anything, and it’s common for people to shop for a rate on a mortgage or car loan, so neither does 2 or 3 pulls. On the other hand, fraudsters like identity thieves commonly hit the mall trying to open up store cards left and right (or do the equivalent thing online), trying to grab as much loot as possible before they’re discovered, basically trashing the identity. So … of course application velocity is a big fraud indicator in our models, and our fraud/identity products are going to take it into account in the scores we return. The idea is to stop fraudsters from opening accounts in good people’s names.
Second, this effect is temporary (as in, your credit score might lose 10 or 20 points, but bounce back in a week). I can’t speak for FICO, but our mortgage risk products are a lot more sophisticated than just a single score, and tuning the analytics is a constant effort. The customers of the credit risk products (like mortgage) are the lenders, and the last thing these customers want to do is turn down a perfectly good paying customer application because of bad intelligence.
2. On the “scrubbing of fraudulent data” from your credit file after the Cap One frauds … obviously I have no idea of the details of your credit file and I can’t speak for TU, but I know the credit file is going to have addresses associated with every *account*, and it’s also going to have an incoming inquiry address for each of these credit *applications*. I’m assuming the addresses you’re talking about are from the bogus *applications*.
Well … application velocity, previous history of fraud … these are indicators of fraud. So … our identity and fraud products, they’re designed to protect Bank of America/Verizon/Comcast and *you* from fraud, so that when someone uses your name to try to buy an iPhone or get a credit card, we return appropriate risk scores. For instance, the fact you put a fraud alert on, we return a big red X for that. So you can see why these bogus applications on your file might be useful in measuring identity/fraud risk.
These risks are nothing to do with credit risk, i.e. your “ability to pay” or likelihood to pay your car loan or credit card bill back. Whether those measure are affected I honestly can’t say, but similar to inquiry velocity I’d guess any effects are small and temporary.
3. Last, just wanted to say one thing about the credit monitoring products. i.e., the difference between our credit monitoring product (as a CRA) versus AllClearID. Now, I don’t have anything good or bad to say about AllClearID, and it sounds like they advocated hard on your behalf, good for them.
But they aren’t a CRA, they don’t have write access to the credit file (or the legal obligation under the FCRA to correct errors). I know that the monitoring service from my company, you are definitely fast-tracked to freeze and remediate your credit file if there are any incidents, since we have already fully verified your identity and authenticated you. It is a leg up over a third-party service.
You are right that credit monitoring is no panacea. Definitely can’t see account details like credit card charges (your bank keeps that). But can protect against utility/telco theft if you find a better monitoring service.
4. OK, last for real, that experience with Cap One sucks. I have friends who have been ID theft victims and it blows. I’m sorry.
I could point the finger at Cap One, because they’re the ones who reported these inquiries and they’re supposed to withdraw them, but that would be a copout. The whole ecosystem needs to work together to clean this problem up.
The reality is that the banks have a certain threshold/tolerance for fraud, because fraud detection isn’t perfect and a false positive equals turning away a customer, and that is lost revenue. So their accountants do the math, tune their risk models to accept some false negatives, and accept having to write off some fraud losses.
In the bright shiny future there will be strong authentication and privacy-preserving federated identity, but it’s a ways off.
March 22, 2014 at 9:08 am
Thanks for taking the time to post. I don’t share your optimism about what will happen in the future, but I hope you’ll turn out to be right.
March 28, 2014 at 12:37 pm
I don’t, the credit system is a sham and needs to die.  Back when most jobs paid a living wage the majority of people didn’t need debt, now you have 30-50 year mortgages and student debt that follows you until you die, for a degree that is basically worthless if you can’t find a decent job with it within 3 years of graduating.
I faxed a form containing my SSN, name, address and signature with account number. Transmission report was ok, but the financial institute did not receive it. I may have it entered an extra digit unnecessarily to get on outside line from work and caused the error. I already called them to see if they would change account number.
Since the time I realized the error and not knowing the whereabouts of the fax, now I am worried and wondering what and how much to do. I did call the phone number that the fax would have gone to unintentionally and it was disconnected/not in service. There may be other possible numbers it could have gone to.
Any suggestions ? Should I write to the three credit bureaus now? Credit freeze? I was going to change phone plans in few months.
March 23, 2014 at 9:54 am
In way, credit monitoring services make things worse.  Not a single one of them offers decent online access security (a simple password gets you in).  If someone hacks into your account, all of your sensitive financial information will be delivered to the hacker on a silver platter.  It would be similar to a criminal breaking into your house and using your own weapon to hold you  hostage…
March 25, 2014 at 12:12 am
The one you all know and see all the time on TV will give you a free shredder! That’s how stupid they think we are by giving us a non-crosscut model. Yipee, I’m really safe now.
Sally Beauty Confirms Card Data Breach
Nationwide cosmetics and beauty retailer Sally Beauty today confirmed that hackers had broken into its networks and stolen credit card...
Are Credit Monitoring Services Worth It?
In the wake of one data breach after another, millions of Americans each year are offered credit monitoring services that promise to shield them from identity thieves. Although these services can help true victims step out from beneath the shadow of ID theft, the sad truth is that most services offer little in the way of real preventative protection against the fastest-growing crime in America.
Having purchased credit monitoring/protection services for the past 24 months — and having been the target of multiple identity theft attempts — I feel somewhat qualified to share my experience with readers. The biggest takeaway for me has been that although these services may alert you when someone opens or attempts to open a new line of credit in your name, most will do little — if anything — to block that activity. My take: If you’re being offered free monitoring, it probably can’t hurt to sign up, but you shouldn’t expect the service to stop identity thieves from ruining your credit.
Avivah Litan, a fraud analyst at Gartner Inc., said offering credit monitoring has become the de facto public response for companies that experience a data breach, whether or not that breach resulted in the loss of personal information that could lead to actual identity theft (as opposed to mere credit card fraud).
“These are basically PR vehicles for most of the breached companies who offer credit report monitoring to potentially compromised consumers,” Litan said. “Breached companies such as Target like to offer it as a good PR move even though it does absolutely nothing to compensate for the fact that a criminal stole credit card mag stripe account data. My advice for consumers has been – sure get it for free from one of the companies where your data has been compromised (and surely these days there is at least one).  But don’t expect it to help much – by the time you get the alert, it’s too late, the damage has been done.  It just shortens the time to detection so you may have a slightly improved chance of cleaning up the damage faster.  And you can get your credit reports three times a year from the government website for free which is almost just as good so why pay for it ever?”
Normally, I place fraud alerts on my credit file every 90 days, as allowed by law. This step is supposed to require potential creditors to contact you and obtain your permission before opening new lines of credit in your name. You merely need to file a fraud alert (also called a “security alert”) with one of the credit bureaus ( Equifax , Experian or Trans Union ). Whichever one you file with is required by law to alert the other two bureaus as well.
Most consumers don’t know this (few consumers know the names of the three main credit bureaus), but there is actually a fourth credit bureau that you should alert: Innovis. This bureau follows the same rules as the big three, and you may file a fraud alert with them at this link .
Fraud alerts last 90 days, and you can renew them as often as you like (a recurring calendar entry can help with this task); consumers who can demonstrate that they are victims or are likely to be victims of identity theft can apply for a long-term fraud alert that lasts up to 7 years (a police report and other documentation may be required).
I’m not sure what happened last year, but I believe some fraudsters managed to apply for credit in my name right after my 90-day fraud alert had expired. In any case, I received a call from AllClearID (formerly Debix), a credit monitoring service that I’ve used for nearly two years now. AllClearID called to tell me someone had made several applications for credit with Capital One.
AllClearID quickly conferenced in a representative from Capital One’s fraud team, but Capital One wouldn’t tell us anything about the application unless I gave them every piece of information about me they didn’t already have. We went round and round with Capital One for hours about this, but got nowhere; I refused to hand over more personal information just to prove to them I wasn’t the one who made the application, and each new representative we spoke with made us retell the story from the beginning.
In all, I had several fraudulent applications for credit in my name, and while none of them were granted, each resulted in a “hard pull” against my credit file. Anytime a creditor pulls your credit file for the purposes of checking an application for new credit, it dings your credit score down a few notches. And as Evan Hendricks writes in his primer on the credit industry ( Credit Scores & Credit Reports: How the System Really Works, and What You Can Do ), “the worse your credit score, the more you pay for mortgages, loans, credit cards, and insurance. Conversely, the better your credit score, the more favorable terms you will get on interest rates and premiums.”
Unfortunately, another thing that often happens with fraudulent applications is that thieves use only part of your real information — mixing your name and Social Security number with an alternate address, for example. This is what happened on two of the fraudulent applications for credit in my name, with the result that this incorrect data was added to my credit file.
AllClearID has been tremendously professional, and quickly alerted me each time Capital One pulled my credit file. But the company could do nothing to stop creditors from pulling my file, or fraudsters from making new applications in my name. The biggest help they’ve been so far is in getting Capital One to remove the fraudulent (score-dinging) credit pulls from my file, and in scrubbing the fraudulent data from my credit file (actually, that part is ongoing: Trans Union has steadfastly ignored requests to remove bogus addresses on my file, necessitating AllClear’s filing of an official complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ).
I asked several experts that I trust for their views on credit monitoring services in general, and to explain their benefits and weaknesses. I also wanted to know why none of the credit monitoring services will offer to renew 90-day fraud alerts on behalf of customers.
Julie Ferguson, a board member of the Identity Theft Resource Center , said a lawsuit by Experian against Lifelock effectively killed that service for virtually all credit monitoring services, with the exception of Equifax.
“After Experian sued Lifelock, none of the banks wanted to distribute and sell it as a service,” Ferguson said. “Equifax will still. Nobody else does anymore, not even Experian.”
Ferguson also stressed that there are varying levels of protection services offered by the credit bureaus and private companies, and that although many of them are priced similarly ($10-$15 per month), they vary widely in the services they provide.
Take, for example, the ProtectMyID package that Experian contracted with Target to offer customers following last year’s massive data breach . The service will monitor your credit report daily and alert you of any changes, and includes up to $1 million in identity theft protection insurance. The service also offers users a fraud resolution agent if identity theft does surface, and it provides a free copy of the user’s credit report (Experian is required by law to provide a free copy of your credit report each year anyway, via annualcreditreport.com). Those who sign up for the free service still have to pay extra to see a copy of their credit scores.
“The ‘protection’ provided by these services is really all over the map once you delve into the services they provide,” Ferguson said. “Some will give you credit monitoring only on one credit bureau, while others will monitor your file at all three.”
Avivah Litan, a fraud analyst with Gartner Inc., rattled off a long list of reasons why credit monitoring services aren’t much use to most consumers.
-Most won’t tell you if a new wireless or cable service has been taken out in your name.
-They do nothing to monitor your bank account transactions, credit card accounts (for fraudulent charges), retirement accounts, brokerage accounts, loyalty accounts and more. And these are all areas where consumers should be very concerned about account takeover.
-They do nothing to tell you if a bad guy has hijacked your identity for non-financial purposes, i.e. to get a new driver’s license, passport or other identity document.  Of course a bad guy impersonating a consumer using a forged identity document can end up in prison, causing lots of problems for the victim whose identity was hijacked.
-They do nothing to stop tax fraud (typically tax refund fraud) against you.  Same is true for other government benefit programs, i.e. medicare fraud, Medicaid fraud, welfare fraud, and Social Security fraud .
“In short, they only give consumers limited help with a very small percentage of the crimes that can be inflicted on them,” Litan said. “And consumers can get most of that limited help for free via the government website or free monitoring from a breached entity where their data inevitably was compromised.”
DO THESE SERVICES HELP AT ALL?
“They help if it’s too hard for you to look through your free credit report and make sense of all the activity in it,” Litan said. “Also they can alert you faster than the free credit report does, depending on timing of the infraction and when you look at your free credit report.”
Litan added that some services — such as Lifelock — have a few extra bells and whistles. For example, Lifelock sometimes gets information (such as from the Early Warning System ) when profile information on your bank account has changed (e.g. change of address).
“They also have access to most mobile carrier account application data,” Litan said. “Equifax has some extra utility company data.  So, some of these firms have access to some extra data than can help in other scenarios.”
While most plans offer identity theft insurance — usually advertised as up to $1 million — most of that is coverage consumers already have under existing laws and Visa/MC zero liability rules, Litan says.
“On top of that they reimburse ID theft victims for some legal fees and some minor expenses like postage stamps,” Litan said. “But if someone takes out a mortgage in your name and now you owe the bank $100k or more – nobody covers that, and that’s what they need to cover.”
Ferguson said credit monitoring services are most useful for people who have already been victimized or for those who are likely to be victimized (by an jilted spouse/lover, or stalker, for example). For those individuals, it makes sense to purchase a plan that offers triple credit bureau monitoring for maximum protection. The main downside of this approach is that a fraudulent application for credit can result in a deluge of alerts, emails and phone calls from all three bureaus simultaneously.
ALTERNATIVES TO CREDIT MONITORING
As mentioned above, placing a fraud alert on your credit file every 90 days is the cheapest (as in free) way to block creditors from granting new lines of credit in your name, and from unnecessarily dinging your credit score.
You are entitled to a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit bureaus annually. The only site you need to obtain this free copy is annualcreditreport.com , or by phone via 877-322-8228. Everywhere else will try to sell you a report, or offer a “free” report if you agree to sign up for some kind of subscription service — usually credit monitoring.
If you have been the victim of identity theft, or if you don’t anticipate needing to take out a loan or apply for new lines of credit anytime soon and you’d rather not deal with fraud alerts, placing a freeze on your credit file may be the smarter option.
A security freeze gives consumers the choice to “freeze” or lock access to their credit file against anyone trying to open up a new account or to get new credit in their name. As Consumers  Union writes, “when a security freeze is in place at all three major credit bureaus, an identity thief cannot open a new account because the potential creditor or seller of services will not be able to check the credit file. When the consumer is applying for credit, he or she can lift the freeze temporarily using a PIN so legitimate applications for credit or services can be processed.”
Forty-nine states and the District of Columbia now have laws on the books allowing consumers to freeze their credit (Michigan is the holdout). Many of these laws allow the placement of a freeze for free if the consumer has a police report documenting an identity theft episode; for those without an ID theft scare notched on their belt, most states allow for the placement of a freeze for a $10 fee. See this site for more details on the various state freeze laws and instructions on how to obtain them.
Consumers also can reduce their exposure to identity theft by opting out of unsolicited credit card or insurance offers. Doing this, via  www.optoutprescreen.com , or 888-5OPT-OUT, should block most unsolicited applications and reduce the incidence of identity theft. Doing so removes your name, address and personal identifiers from lists supplied by the Equifax, Experian, TransUnion and Innovis credit reporting agencies that are used for preapproved and pre-screened offers of credit or insurance.
Tags: AllClearID , annualcreditreport.com , avivah litan , capital one , Consumers Union , Debix , Early Warning System , Equifax , Evan Hendrix , Experian , Gartner Inc. , Identity Theft Resource Center , Innovis , Julie Ferguson , Lifelock , ProtectMyID , target , TransUnion
This entry was posted on Wednesday, March 19th, 2014 at 10:51 am      and is filed under A Little Sunshine .       You can follow any comments to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.               Both comments and pings are currently closed.
March 19, 2014 at 10:59 am
Great writeup on credit monitoring.  Needs to be added on the right side of the page like Tools for a Safer PC and the Value of a Hacked PC.
March 19, 2014 at 11:09 am
I’ve made this suggestion on previous posts of yours.  If you fall victim to any type of ID theft; and you don’t already have a passport; I strongly suggest you get one to secure it.  Personal identifying information has been used to obtain passports.
March 19, 2014 at 11:16 am
I think it ss more effective to have your credit profile locked by these agencies.  When its locked, even the thieves cannot use your identity to open new accounts or credit line.  Downsize, you will have to pay a fee to unlock (perm or temp) if you need a loan, say but a new car.
March 19, 2014 at 11:53 am
Do you have any deeper ideas on the identity theft insurance piece?  I know that some of them offer the following services
◦  all disputes and file paperwork on your behalf related to new account fraud, medical id fraud, social security, insurance benefit and unemployment fraud, etc.
◦ Unlimited recovery services for ALL types of ID Theft
◦ Removal of fraudulent criminal or civil judgments from your credit report
◦ Removal of fraudulent credit accounts from your credit report
March 19, 2014 at 11:58 am
What a racket… Half the time these chumps are the ones who gave away the info in the first place.
March 19, 2014 at 12:02 pm
March 20, 2014 at 6:21 am
https://www.econsumer.equifax.co.uk/consumer/uk/sitepage.ehtml?forward=gb_cs_cpo_howto
To set up a fraud alert, contact CIFAS, the UK’s Fraud Prevention Service and file a Protective Registration notice on your credit report. This will flag to potential lenders that you have been a victim of identity fraud and greater security measures will be taken to ensure that the application for credit is genuine. This service is £10 and the alert will be included on your credit report for 13 months.
How can I remove a fraud alert off my file?
The alert will remain active on your credit report for 13 months. If you wish to have an alert you placed on your report removed prior to that, contact CIFAS, the UK’s Fraud Prevention Service»
March 19, 2014 at 12:14 pm
It seems we are nearing the breaking point of how people are identified. SSN was never a good idea for identification but anymore it seems like it is useless as a true means of identity.
March 19, 2014 at 1:27 pm
SSN work great as an IDENTIFIER. They do not work well as an AUTHENTICATOR. Your SSN should be treated like your name or address, a public bit of information that helps identify you. The problem is that it is regarded as a secret authenticator.
Sometimes I wish someone would publish a nice huge list of SSNs (I guess it takes more than already have?) to make them really, really, obviously useless as authenticators.
March 19, 2014 at 1:42 pm
There’s a web site that lists your ATM PIN, it’s a page that has every number from 0000 to 9999.  No reason why you couldn’t do the same for SSNs with a fairly simple Perl script.  And it would be just as meaningless.
It seems like I argue every time with doctors when I go to a new one.  I never fill it in on the forms for me or my wife (she’s the policy holder) and tell them I don’t know it off-hand.  They have my full insurance information, so they can lump it.
March 19, 2014 at 3:34 pm
So for example, I ask you your SSN and you say “123-45-6789”.
Is that your real SSN? or was that the response to the “what is your SSN question”?
By using Identification questions as authenticator questions one could add a level of security as even if someone knew your actual SSN, they would not know what to answer when I ask you your SSN.
March 19, 2014 at 12:16 pm
I believe you have to do way more than just monitor your credit these days. Personal information on dark websites, driver’s license, medical card, if I lose my wallet. I dont have time to monitor all that stuff. Not to mention the story I saw on 60 minutes about being tracked online and bombarded with advertisements.  If I have the choice of paying a company like idradar, Identity Guard, or whoever will take care of all that for me, and allow me to be hidden online, then it’s worth the money.
March 19, 2014 at 12:41 pm
Any idea whether Canadians can exercise some of the options like the free credit report, security freeze or 90-day fraud alert?
March 19, 2014 at 11:44 pm
Not even US citizens are eligible.
March 20, 2014 at 5:50 am
https://help-en.equifax.ca/app/answers/detail/a_id/306/noIntercept/1/kw/fraud+alert
«please call Equifax toll-free at 1-800-465-7166 or 514-493-2314. We will add a statement to your file to alert credit grantors that you may be a victim of fraudulent activity. This may mean that the next time you apply for credit you will be questioned more thoroughly as a precautionary measure. The credit grantor wants to make sure that you are, in fact, the person you say you are.»
March 19, 2014 at 1:15 pm
It is my understanding that Innovis is an agregators of the three credit reporting agencies (Experian, Equifax, and Trans Union) so I am unsure that they are able to place a fraud alert on a consumer credit report.
March 19, 2014 at 1:24 pm
I second the Canadian request?  Does anyone have any information on Canada’s poilicies on credit monitoring, locking and freezing?
March 19, 2014 at 1:33 pm
I would sure like to opt out from credit offers but I’m too paranoid to enter my SSN into their site before I apply for credit freezes 
March 19, 2014 at 3:31 pm
Exactly.  They clearly mine your data, so giving up your personal information to them (or confirming that it’s correct and recent) is a huge price to pay for them to agree to not ruin you financially.
Sounds like a protection racket.. “you either give us the thing we value most (your data) to sell, or we harm you”.
March 29, 2014 at 12:51 am
Credit Freezes are even worse when you try to temporarily or permanently list them.  Aside from charging a fee (depending on state) they demand government ID, utility bills with current address, copy of your social card, and so forth.  And of course the PIN number you received when you placed the freeze.  If you lost it they are happy to replace it; for a fee and after providing the same information.  They make it sound like you can just call up or go to a web page, enter that PIN number, and you’re all set.  I can say from experience that this is just not so.  I think it’s just another way to suck up more data.
March 19, 2014 at 1:36 pm
I created the follow list of addresses to assist those who wish to learn more about their credit status or place limits on the availability of the their credit information.    The title of the following report says it all:   So How Many Consumer Reporting Companies Are There?
http://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2012/07/17/so-how-many-consumer-reporting-companies-are-there .      In the report there is a paragraph that reads:
“So we encourage you to take a look at the list of companies and think about which ones might be reporting on you. It’s important to ask for your report from those companies so you can correct any mistakes or see whether anyone’s been trying to hijack your identity. For example, if you’re going to rent a new apartment or home, ask the landlord what tenant background company they use, if any.  You can access the list here.  “     Be sure to read the list because there are credit reporting agencies that have specialties.
http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0155-free-credit-reports
Some people may wish to put a security freeze on their credit reports.   Here is some general information on security freezes: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Credit_freeze .        The following are freeze links.
March 19, 2014 at 3:28 pm
How does one put a freeze on without giving the credit bureaus your personal information?  It’s an oxymoron.. you give them highly accurate information to sell about you, in exchange for them not harming you by offering credit to somebody committing fraud.
We need a single SS number freeze function, without the credit bureaus getting all the other information.  Know of such a mechanism?
March 19, 2014 at 1:37 pm
Great post Brian. I did some research into identity theft insurance for a post on my blog yesterday, but hadn’t considered the other side of the coin. Thanks for the information.
I didn’t realize you could put a fraud alert on your credit history without having a specific fraud event to back it up – that is good to know.
March 19, 2014 at 1:38 pm
Gotta love groups like Experian.  I called AAA to price car insurance, they pull up my my accident record through Experian and say that I had three accidents in Phoenix, which I haven’t.  Turns out that the brilliant people at Experian have conflated my dad’s accidents in to my record as his middle name is my first name.
I haven’t gotten it cleared up yet, but it makes me wonder how much other garbage are in my reports.  I didn’t even know that they tracked things like car accidents!  I could see it if I stiffed or defrauded my car insurance, but this?
March 19, 2014 at 3:24 pm
From your post, it’s possible that you have been over charged for car insurance if they looked at that report in coming up with your premium.
However, since it’s all behind the scenes, they can just deny they looked at it, and who would know?  How exactly would you prove that they looked at that information and it changed your rate?
Welcome to the great benefits of big data.
And secondly, why should you have to clean up their data?   People end up having to clean up their data so they can make more money on it.  Do they pay you for having incorrect data? do they compensate you for time, expense of obtaining it, reviewing it, and correcting it?  Nope.
http://www.questia.com/library/journal/1G1-353644783/accuracy-of-information-maintained-by-us-credit-bureaus
«A representative sample of 1,000 US consumers reviewed their credit reports from the three major US credit bureaus with help from university research associates. 26% of study participants claimed to find at least one potentially material error and filed formal disputes with the relevant bureau(s). For 78% of the 263 consumers who filed disputes (20% of participants overall) at least one bureau altered the credit report accordingly. 33% of disputants (8.7% of participants) experienced a resulting increase of 10+ points in one or more of their FICO[R] scores; 21% of disputants (5.5% of study participants) had one or more scores cross a threshold that would typically result in more favorable terms of credit. … individual consumers need to be vigilant to protect themselves against potentially costly errors in their files.»
http://www.questia.com/library/journal/1G1-353644783/accuracy-of-information-maintained-by-us-credit-bureaus
«A representative sample of 1,000 US consumers reviewed their credit reports from the three major US credit bureaus with help from university research associates. 26% of study participants claimed to find at least one potentially material error and filed formal disputes with the relevant bureau(s). For 78% of the 263 consumers who filed disputes (20% of participants overall) at least one bureau altered the credit report accordingly. 33% of disputants (8.7% of participants) experienced a resulting increase of 10+ points in one or more of their FICO[R] scores; 21% of disputants (5.5% of study participants) had one or more scores cross a threshold that would typically result in more favorable terms of credit. … individual consumers need to be vigilant to protect themselves against potentially costly errors in their files.»
March 20, 2014 at 3:38 pm
I hate to be another one calling for more regulations, but their was a time about 20 years ago when a simple phone call to just one of the big three would get immediate correction, and it would trickle down to the other two as a matter of course.
Now it seems they are getting recalcitrant – I suspect this may be because they want to hawk their own alert services and figure this just generates more business. However it was only because of promises to do better over 30 years ago that congress has stayed off their backs. It may be time to put pressure on congress to kick some butt on the big three game players to own up to inaccurate data on customers. I must admit though, that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has not been in force long enough to see if that can be a source of relief for consumers. Anyone having this problem should contact the CFPB and log a complaint. Until we use our resources, we won’t know if they work!
March 19, 2014 at 1:38 pm
There’s another data/credit bureau that no one knows about. It’s the Medical Information Bureau (mib.com). It contains everyone’s medical records and it works mostly for health insurers. If you jump nicely through its hoops, it will spit out your data.
March 19, 2014 at 1:38 pm
Be aware that even some of the credit monitoring services that say they monitor all three bureaus don’t.  I was given credit monitoring from 2 different places, on serviced through Experian (so we know who they monitor) and the other that claims it monitors all three.  However when a new inquiry showed up on my Equifax report, they didn’t notify me and, in fact, sent an all clear at the end of the month.  When I called and pushed them on it, they admitted they only monitor Experian as well.  Buyer beware, and put the fraud alerts on at the first sign of trouble.
March 19, 2014 at 2:06 pm
Another suggestion:  NEVER post your birthday online, nor when registering for many websites.  It’s astounding how many people post their actual birthday on Facebook (among others) for the world to see — and to use for identity theft!
I have what I call my “internet birthday.” It’s nowhere near the actual month, day or year I was born — but every online entity that asks for it gets it.  When asked to provide it as an authenticator when, e.g., I call about something, it works perfectly.  And when stolen, anyone who tries to use it won’t get very far.  Sure, you have to use your true birthday when dealing with government and bank sites, but no one else “needs” it, so if they ask…
March 19, 2014 at 2:48 pm
March 19, 2014 at 2:58 pm
Internet birthday. How funny, I thought that I was the only one who did this. I don’t change the month / day (I probably should just for fun); I just swipe 20 years off the back end, and I always feel a lot kickier afterwards. Sometimes, I use a slight misspelling of my name. It’s amazing how this helps to track who’s giving out your info despite all the “we respect your privacy” reassurances. Of course, all of this is going to show up on my credit report someday.
DON’T use your actual month/day!  It’s easy to identify your year of birth from all sorts of sources.  e.g., Facebook and LinkedIn usually show when you graduated school.  It’s so much easier just picking a totally different month/day/year and using that date consistently.  A completely incorrect birth date is a great obstacle to identity thieves; many companies will accept a date if 2 out of 3 fields are correct.  (No, it won’t totally stop the thieves, but it may make you less “desirable” to them.)
March 20, 2014 at 12:50 am
Okay, I got one for you all, http://www.mylife.com , monitors and compiles all the information gathered on you from all the social media. It is supposed to be so that you can “monitor all your connections in one place” and “take control of your identity,” but you KNOW that is not so. They ought to call it This Used to Be My Life.
March 19, 2014 at 2:09 pm
KOS wrote: “these services may alert you when someone opens or attempts to open a new line of credit in your name, most will do little — if anything — to block that activity”
And more importantly, they will do nothing at all to resolve the situation.  You will be the one to pay for legal fees, $10 fees for temporarily opening up a credit freeze, obtaining a new SSN if it comes to that, etc.
KOS wrote: “credit monitoring has become the de facto public response for companies that experience a data breach”
That’s because it is dirt cheap and Congress allows this to substitute for actual liability (see above).
KOS wrote: “The biggest help they’ve been so far is in getting Capital One to remove the fraudulent (score-dinging) credit pulls from my file”
I’ll bet your name is the main reason they helped.
If you really want banks and, I assume, credit agencies to dance to your tune, file a complaint with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.  A bank tried to give me the run-around and they changed their tune within days of my contacting the OCC.
And AmEx does not play by the same rules.  I have credit freezes in place with the big-three, but AmEx still sent me credit applications about a year later.  I had to send them a specific letter to get them to stop.
March 19, 2014 at 2:09 pm
I follow this blog with interest and find a large amount of the information useful. However as someone living in the United Kingdom some information, such as your rights mentioned in this blog, is irrelevant. Are there any good IT security blogs based in the UK that might contain the same kind of information?
I’d still follow Krebsonsecurity but it’s made me aware of how little I know about the UK situation.
March 19, 2014 at 2:21 pm
My opinion on this  one is  the social security administration  should offer  24/7  monitoring    of your  nine digit  identifiable   number   from the time of your birth until you kick the bucket.
Now  and days, people should not have to  pay for  your credit score  and  report  along  with information that is in your  background  check ( things  like  court information). Why a person has  to pay for   credit monitoring  when banks  should be  more  responsible  enough to offer chip and pin to protect  customers  is beyond   comprehension.  It’s  all about  how  companies  can make money  off your personal   information be it  your credit report,  background check or  some type of monitoring  of  P.I.I.
Another good site is “creditkarma.com” where you  don’t have to give them your credit card information. This    site give you  your new  credit score  every 7 days
March 19, 2014 at 2:26 pm
Thanks for an extraordinarily helpful post, Brian. We forget sometimes that ID theft and cyber theft are not just about bits and bytes and international intrigue. I have my own stories about credit monitoring and such.
My old company got hacked for retirement info and offered me c redit monitoring. My mortgage bank got ripped off for data and did the same. The city utilities company opened an acct at a second address in a part of town I’ve never lived in and when I tried to unhook this info from my credit report, the credit report agency refused to remove the info. They even suggested that I should be happy because that person apparently paid the bills that attached them to me on time. I’ve always suspected that they confuse me with my ex-spouse, and for them that wasn’t a problem. Duh. Anyway, thanks to you and all for the great info and helpful links as we navigate our sad way through Big Data.
March 19, 2014 at 2:29 pm
Breached companies do the “good PR move even though it does absolutely nothing to compensate for the fact that a criminal stole credit card mag stripe account data”.
Perhaps at some point I’ll request a breached company offer me a Free Credit Freeze (and unfreezing and refreezing)  as something worthwhile as my personal choice.
March 19, 2014 at 3:18 pm
1) to put on a fraud alert, one must give experian and others personal information such as SS, name, address, etc.  All stuff they then sell.  I can’t put a freeze on without also allowing them to update my address, etc.  (and I don’t agree that they should be provided with my information for free in the first place).
2) When calling their automated system (can one be sure the automated system is even the credit agency? how can the end user authenticate calling into an automated system?)
3) With experian, they routed the call to an indian call center.  So your personal information, and voice channel is then routed out of the states and into a foreign country.  There isn’t a good way to make sure the voice path stays in the states, thus it’s insecure as well.  I don’t agree to share my personal information with a country that is outside the US, and object to being required to do so.  Even if we mail the fraud freeze, the credit agencies will mine the data, sell it, and share it outside the US (indian call centers), and I don’t consent to that.
So it’s a great idea to freeze one’s credit, but it requires you to provide the credit agencies with your personal data (which I don’t agree they should have to begin with).
So we are at an impasse.  It’s not possible to protect oneself from the credit agencies unless one makes themselves less secure by giving the credit agencies even more accurate information to harm us.  That’s one huge moral hazard.
The bottom line is the US needs a way for folks to have their SS number frozen/disabled for credit purposes.  The mechanism simply doesn’t exist to do that.  One could argue WHY one would or would not do that action, but not allowing that action is a security hole the size of the grand canyon.
March 20, 2014 at 11:55 am
Although I fully agree that there should be a way to ‘opt out’ of using my SSN for credit checks, in practice I wonder whether it matters.
You need to provide pretty much all info including bra sizes when putting in a freeze. But don’t they already have that? Serious question, not cynically joking here…
When I applied for a new credit card, I saw my bank pulled my credit at one of the big three. But after I was granted the card, it showed up at all three. So I always assumed these three just share everything?
March 21, 2014 at 10:08 am
That is how I’ve always understood it – that the big three automatically share information every so many months; at least it seems like it takes a month to catch up anyway. However some of the information seems to get stuck like gumby in the files, and either never changes or is not updated properly. Also it seems to go in two stages, where there is an inquiry first, then an establishment file on a new account for example. Some of them get stuck in inquiry mode, then three months later suddenly get the new account information.
I must admit though, they do seem to be much more accurate than in the past. I used to catch all kinds of errors back in the ’90s. Of course, the PC/internet revolution was still going on back then.
March 19, 2014 at 4:02 pm
There are also other “consumer reports” that collect all sorts of personal information about you and then sell it to make money — one example is the Lexis Nexis Personal Report https://personalreports.lexisnexis.com/
March 19, 2014 at 4:11 pm
Credit fraud is serious and requires new laws to combat it.  Businesses and banks are accepting it as a cost of doing business and passing it on to customers in their prices, but do not help those who are burdened by the occurrence.   The government needs to lock down credit information and require proof that it is the person who is taking out the credit.  Tax refunds and inquiries should require a Federal PIN that can be changed online with the IRS.  The Federal government needs to do much more and get around the banks and businesses that feel it is a burden.  Its got to be cheaper than what is happening now in this country.
March 19, 2014 at 4:20 pm
Will I be offered free credit monitoring by Experian due to the data breach at Experian where they were selling data to a private investigator in Singapore?
March 19, 2014 at 4:24 pm
Rather than use some expensive monitoring service, every 3 months I merely re-apply for a temporary security alert for 90 days.  I configure this alert so that they have to call me before a new line of credit can be opening in my name.
I had NO idea about the ability to post fraud alerts on a credit file (excuse my ignorance), but that’s definitely something I plan to do. As a young 20-something fresh out of college building (and protecting) my credit is extremely important to me. I’m not too keen on Experian after reading this blog, to be honest. Too many mishaps their “protection” of financial information. My only concern is having to rely on an Experian to put a fraud alert on my account…any other companies good at this?
When’s the best time of the year to request a free credit report? I don’t want to make that pull (even if soft) if there’s some sort of methodology in doing so.
In reference to the inability of these credit monitoring companies to block fraudulent activity, I can’t say that I’m not surprised. If anything, the alert is something that I’d be interested in having unlimited access to…at the very least, it’s beneficial to be alerted when something wrong is going on…at least I can take the initiative to then contact the correct authorities.
March 20, 2014 at 6:34 am
As mentioned by others, the general best practice seems to be to stagger your three free reports. That means requesting one every 4 months. Since most items are on most reports, that gives you the chance to spot problems within four months instead of up to 12 months after they happen.
Note that you need distinct fraud alerts for each agency. There might be third parties who could help, but I’d assume most aren’t worth it.
March 21, 2014 at 10:26 am
Checking your credit for free will not impact your report. I’ve never seen any evidence of it; in fact I can’t remember seeing my inquiry on my report at all. However there are some things that remain hidden in such reports, as they are only required to report what the law allows.
One of the most important factors in credit worthiness is keeping in contact with your creditors. I had to struggle when I got out of college, and had to adjust my student loan often, but I kept in constant contact with Sallie Mae and so my report reflected well, despite my financial woes. The one thing to remember is not to let credit card debt go over 5000 total, unless you are making good money. You can almost never pay off a revolving account, even if you throw every dollar you make into the payment of such accounts.
I found out the hard way, you can only stop using them and redact the debt into a car payment or house equity loan to have any hope of getting out of debt. Daily revolving balance is the worst type of loan you can have – personal car loans and/or home equity loans are usually some of the best. Always get the formula from the loan institution on how they calculate the interest and pay off schedule. They will feign ignorance or try to hide this formula, but you have a right to know it, so you can calculate the payoff your self. I always love that deer stuck in the head lights look, when I ask for the loan formula – it never ceases to amaze me how little loan officers act like they know.
Sally Beauty Confirms Card Data Breach
Nationwide cosmetics and beauty retailer Sally Beauty today confirmed that hackers had broken into its networks and stolen credit card...
Are Credit Monitoring Services Worth It?
In the wake of one data breach after another, millions of Americans each year are offered credit monitoring services that promise to shield them from identity thieves. Although these services can help true victims step out from beneath the shadow of ID theft, the sad truth is that most services offer little in the way of real preventative protection against the fastest-growing crime in America.
Having purchased credit monitoring/protection services for the past 24 months — and having been the target of multiple identity theft attempts — I feel somewhat qualified to share my experience with readers. The biggest takeaway for me has been that although these services may alert you when someone opens or attempts to open a new line of credit in your name, most will do little — if anything — to block that activity. My take: If you’re being offered free monitoring, it probably can’t hurt to sign up, but you shouldn’t expect the service to stop identity thieves from ruining your credit.
Avivah Litan, a fraud analyst at Gartner Inc., said offering credit monitoring has become the de facto public response for companies that experience a data breach, whether or not that breach resulted in the loss of personal information that could lead to actual identity theft (as opposed to mere credit card fraud).
“These are basically PR vehicles for most of the breached companies who offer credit report monitoring to potentially compromised consumers,” Litan said. “Breached companies such as Target like to offer it as a good PR move even though it does absolutely nothing to compensate for the fact that a criminal stole credit card mag stripe account data. My advice for consumers has been – sure get it for free from one of the companies where your data has been compromised (and surely these days there is at least one).  But don’t expect it to help much – by the time you get the alert, it’s too late, the damage has been done.  It just shortens the time to detection so you may have a slightly improved chance of cleaning up the damage faster.  And you can get your credit reports three times a year from the government website for free which is almost just as good so why pay for it ever?”
Normally, I place fraud alerts on my credit file every 90 days, as allowed by law. This step is supposed to require potential creditors to contact you and obtain your permission before opening new lines of credit in your name. You merely need to file a fraud alert (also called a “security alert”) with one of the credit bureaus ( Equifax , Experian or Trans Union ). Whichever one you file with is required by law to alert the other two bureaus as well.
Most consumers don’t know this (few consumers know the names of the three main credit bureaus), but there is actually a fourth credit bureau that you should alert: Innovis. This bureau follows the same rules as the big three, and you may file a fraud alert with them at this link .
Fraud alerts last 90 days, and you can renew them as often as you like (a recurring calendar entry can help with this task); consumers who can demonstrate that they are victims or are likely to be victims of identity theft can apply for a long-term fraud alert that lasts up to 7 years (a police report and other documentation may be required).
I’m not sure what happened last year, but I believe some fraudsters managed to apply for credit in my name right after my 90-day fraud alert had expired. In any case, I received a call from AllClearID (formerly Debix), a credit monitoring service that I’ve used for nearly two years now. AllClearID called to tell me someone had made several applications for credit with Capital One.
AllClearID quickly conferenced in a representative from Capital One’s fraud team, but Capital One wouldn’t tell us anything about the application unless I gave them every piece of information about me they didn’t already have. We went round and round with Capital One for hours about this, but got nowhere; I refused to hand over more personal information just to prove to them I wasn’t the one who made the application, and each new representative we spoke with made us retell the story from the beginning.
In all, I had several fraudulent applications for credit in my name, and while none of them were granted, each resulted in a “hard pull” against my credit file. Anytime a creditor pulls your credit file for the purposes of checking an application for new credit, it dings your credit score down a few notches. And as Evan Hendricks writes in his primer on the credit industry ( Credit Scores & Credit Reports: How the System Really Works, and What You Can Do ), “the worse your credit score, the more you pay for mortgages, loans, credit cards, and insurance. Conversely, the better your credit score, the more favorable terms you will get on interest rates and premiums.”
Unfortunately, another thing that often happens with fraudulent applications is that thieves use only part of your real information — mixing your name and Social Security number with an alternate address, for example. This is what happened on two of the fraudulent applications for credit in my name, with the result that this incorrect data was added to my credit file.
AllClearID has been tremendously professional, and quickly alerted me each time Capital One pulled my credit file. But the company could do nothing to stop creditors from pulling my file, or fraudsters from making new applications in my name. The biggest help they’ve been so far is in getting Capital One to remove the fraudulent (score-dinging) credit pulls from my file, and in scrubbing the fraudulent data from my credit file (actually, that part is ongoing: Trans Union has steadfastly ignored requests to remove bogus addresses on my file, necessitating AllClear’s filing of an official complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ).
I asked several experts that I trust for their views on credit monitoring services in general, and to explain their benefits and weaknesses. I also wanted to know why none of the credit monitoring services will offer to renew 90-day fraud alerts on behalf of customers.
Julie Ferguson, a board member of the Identity Theft Resource Center , said a lawsuit by Experian against Lifelock effectively killed that service for virtually all credit monitoring services, with the exception of Equifax.
“After Experian sued Lifelock, none of the banks wanted to distribute and sell it as a service,” Ferguson said. “Equifax will still. Nobody else does anymore, not even Experian.”
Ferguson also stressed that there are varying levels of protection services offered by the credit bureaus and private companies, and that although many of them are priced similarly ($10-$15 per month), they vary widely in the services they provide.
Take, for example, the ProtectMyID package that Experian contracted with Target to offer customers following last year’s massive data breach . The service will monitor your credit report daily and alert you of any changes, and includes up to $1 million in identity theft protection insurance. The service also offers users a fraud resolution agent if identity theft does surface, and it provides a free copy of the user’s credit report (Experian is required by law to provide a free copy of your credit report each year anyway, via annualcreditreport.com). Those who sign up for the free service still have to pay extra to see a copy of their credit scores.
“The ‘protection’ provided by these services is really all over the map once you delve into the services they provide,” Ferguson said. “Some will give you credit monitoring only on one credit bureau, while others will monitor your file at all three.”
Avivah Litan, a fraud analyst with Gartner Inc., rattled off a long list of reasons why credit monitoring services aren’t much use to most consumers.
-Most won’t tell you if a new wireless or cable service has been taken out in your name.
-They do nothing to monitor your bank account transactions, credit card accounts (for fraudulent charges), retirement accounts, brokerage accounts, loyalty accounts and more. And these are all areas where consumers should be very concerned about account takeover.
-They do nothing to tell you if a bad guy has hijacked your identity for non-financial purposes, i.e. to get a new driver’s license, passport or other identity document.  Of course a bad guy impersonating a consumer using a forged identity document can end up in prison, causing lots of problems for the victim whose identity was hijacked.
-They do nothing to stop tax fraud (typically tax refund fraud) against you.  Same is true for other government benefit programs, i.e. medicare fraud, Medicaid fraud, welfare fraud, and Social Security fraud .
“In short, they only give consumers limited help with a very small percentage of the crimes that can be inflicted on them,” Litan said. “And consumers can get most of that limited help for free via the government website or free monitoring from a breached entity where their data inevitably was compromised.”
DO THESE SERVICES HELP AT ALL?
“They help if it’s too hard for you to look through your free credit report and make sense of all the activity in it,” Litan said. “Also they can alert you faster than the free credit report does, depending on timing of the infraction and when you look at your free credit report.”
Litan added that some services — such as Lifelock — have a few extra bells and whistles. For example, Lifelock sometimes gets information (such as from the Early Warning System ) when profile information on your bank account has changed (e.g. change of address).
“They also have access to most mobile carrier account application data,” Litan said. “Equifax has some extra utility company data.  So, some of these firms have access to some extra data than can help in other scenarios.”
While most plans offer identity theft insurance — usually advertised as up to $1 million — most of that is coverage consumers already have under existing laws and Visa/MC zero liability rules, Litan says.
“On top of that they reimburse ID theft victims for some legal fees and some minor expenses like postage stamps,” Litan said. “But if someone takes out a mortgage in your name and now you owe the bank $100k or more – nobody covers that, and that’s what they need to cover.”
Ferguson said credit monitoring services are most useful for people who have already been victimized or for those who are likely to be victimized (by an jilted spouse/lover, or stalker, for example). For those individuals, it makes sense to purchase a plan that offers triple credit bureau monitoring for maximum protection. The main downside of this approach is that a fraudulent application for credit can result in a deluge of alerts, emails and phone calls from all three bureaus simultaneously.
ALTERNATIVES TO CREDIT MONITORING
As mentioned above, placing a fraud alert on your credit file every 90 days is the cheapest (as in free) way to block creditors from granting new lines of credit in your name, and from unnecessarily dinging your credit score.
You are entitled to a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit bureaus annually. The only site you need to obtain this free copy is annualcreditreport.com , or by phone via 877-322-8228. Everywhere else will try to sell you a report, or offer a “free” report if you agree to sign up for some kind of subscription service — usually credit monitoring.
If you have been the victim of identity theft, or if you don’t anticipate needing to take out a loan or apply for new lines of credit anytime soon and you’d rather not deal with fraud alerts, placing a freeze on your credit file may be the smarter option.
A security freeze gives consumers the choice to “freeze” or lock access to their credit file against anyone trying to open up a new account or to get new credit in their name. As Consumers  Union writes, “when a security freeze is in place at all three major credit bureaus, an identity thief cannot open a new account because the potential creditor or seller of services will not be able to check the credit file. When the consumer is applying for credit, he or she can lift the freeze temporarily using a PIN so legitimate applications for credit or services can be processed.”
Forty-nine states and the District of Columbia now have laws on the books allowing consumers to freeze their credit (Michigan is the holdout). Many of these laws allow the placement of a freeze for free if the consumer has a police report documenting an identity theft episode; for those without an ID theft scare notched on their belt, most states allow for the placement of a freeze for a $10 fee. See this site for more details on the various state freeze laws and instructions on how to obtain them.
Consumers also can reduce their exposure to identity theft by opting out of unsolicited credit card or insurance offers. Doing this, via  www.optoutprescreen.com , or 888-5OPT-OUT, should block most unsolicited applications and reduce the incidence of identity theft. Doing so removes your name, address and personal identifiers from lists supplied by the Equifax, Experian, TransUnion and Innovis credit reporting agencies that are used for preapproved and pre-screened offers of credit or insurance.
Tags: AllClearID , annualcreditreport.com , avivah litan , capital one , Consumers Union , Debix , Early Warning System , Equifax , Evan Hendrix , Experian , Gartner Inc. , Identity Theft Resource Center , Innovis , Julie Ferguson , Lifelock , ProtectMyID , target , TransUnion
This entry was posted on Wednesday, March 19th, 2014 at 10:51 am      and is filed under A Little Sunshine .       You can follow any comments to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.               Both comments and pings are currently closed.
March 26, 2014 at 12:35 pm
I used to have an account with AllClearId (formerly Debix) when the price was a reasonable $10 per year or so, but I dropped it because the price increased to a very unreasonable $8/month and because I realized after I had refinanced a mortgage that the company had done absolulely nothing during the process to warn me that new credit was being established in my name. About a month later my cell phone rang asking me if I had opened a mortgage, and at that point the damage would have already been done.
Consumer Reports recommended this year against using any credit monitoring service for this exact reason. You can accomplish the same thing for free by spreading out your free credit reports to once every four months and removing your name from the pre-screen opt out list.
March 26, 2014 at 4:02 pm
Although I totally agree with you, and that is how I used to do it – I decided to go with a service from my password management company, because they have built a solid reputation for closely monitoring the security of their servers, and I wasn’t as nervous at having my information there. Also they encrypt everything just in case there was a breach. I get absolutely instantaneous alerts from them right at my computer desktop! I once applied for a loan at the bank and 15 minutes after I got home the alert popped up detailing what, when, and where the requesting agency made the credit inquiry. So far I’ve never been let down by LastPass, going on two years now. I was also able to look at any addresses I’d supposedly lived at, and vetted those as well.
You can take advantage of the free product as well, which may be the smartest way to go ever. They will alert you to changes, then they even recommend you can contact the reporting services for free, just as you have detailed, but in this scheme you would get timely information, and not waste any free reports until needed. That is the way I see it – maybe someone could read the agreement further and suggest corrections to my understanding here:
March 26, 2014 at 1:57 pm
Equifax, no problem, experian would not allow me to place a freeze on our names for me or my husband and there is no way to talk to a person, live on the phone. Does anyone know how to either get a hold of esperian or why they would not allow us to place a security freeze on our lives?
March 26, 2014 at 3:27 pm
Others have written good advice on freeze information here, but I have read it can be hard to get anything done, especially with Experian. I bet if you sent a letter they’d have to respond.
Send all mail CERTIFIED. Certified mail cannot easily be ignored. And send copies, never originals, of all documents.
Usually if the online process doesn’t work it will redirect you to a page that you can print out, with the forms you need. I’ve never done this for a credit freeze though, but I would think there would   also be a choice in this process online.
March 26, 2014 at 7:23 pm
In his article above he states” Normally, I place fraud alerts on my credit file every 90 days, as allowed by law. This step is supposed to require potential creditors to contact you and obtain your permission before opening new lines of credit in your name. You merely need to file a fraud alert (also called a “security alert”) with one of the credit bureaus (Equifax, Experian or Trans Union). Whichever one you file with is required by law to alert the other two bureaus as well.”
If this is true it would seem you would not have to contact Experian directly to get  it  with them as well. At least that is how I interpret it.
March 26, 2014 at 7:25 pm
Freeze != fraud alert. You can’t enact a freeze with all three bureaus by just alerting one. You need to file a freeze request with all, and any unfreeze requests on individual basis.
March 26, 2014 at 2:38 pm
This article from Mr. Krebs brings up a number of interesting questions in addition to the one that the title poses (are credit monitoring services worth it?). One that I think most salient, right on the back of the huge Target breach, is whether the current approach taken by companies in responding to a data breach effective for the affected individuals?
Now let’s consider that there are multiple factors at play in crafting a data breach response strategy. There are regulatory mandates based on state data breach notification laws, and in some cases federal regulations, that require notification of the affected population and have something to say about what content must be included in the notification. Then there is, in many cases, an offer of a free identity protection product (most typically credit monitoring) for some period of time (typically no less than one year) which is done voluntarily by the breached organization.
As Avivah Litan from Gartner, Inc. notes, the offer of credit monitoring has become a “defacto public response” to a data breach and that this can be done as much or more for “PR” purposes in intent, rather than a result of thoughtfully consideration as to whether this is the most efficacious offering for addressing the potential harms to the affected individuals. Which gets back to the title question as to “are credit monitoring services worth it?”
I generally agree with Mr. Krebs that “it probably can’t hurt”. It’s like taking your vitamins when you feel like you may be coming down with a cold.  They might help. They aren’t the only way for you to get those nutrients, you could always eat healthier and drink a lot of orange juice for extra vitamin C, but it might make you feel just a little better knowing that you’re doing something to address this new risk.
So given this, two things where I’d like to suggest some food for thought. First, should legislators do more to ensure consumer protection in cases of malicious data breaches? If offering credit monitoring has become “defacto”, and if it isn’t very efficacious, should more or something different be required? Some in the industry have suggested that a more effective solution would be to provide identity restoration services. Rather than using credit monitoring to provide a late, early-warning indicator, maybe consumers would be better off with services to help them out if/when they become a victim of identity theft? (full disclosure: my company, ID Experts, provides fully managed identity restoration services)
And second, there is the nagging question in the back of my mind as to whether I’m comfortable giving Experian more information about me. By signing up for their credit monitoring, they how have a valid email address and phone number for me. And they also have my permission to send me emails encouraging me to “buy extra stuff”. I’m certain to get offers to upgrade my service and to sign up to pay for service once the free offering period expires.  Maybe of even greater concern to me, though, is that Experian is in the business of selling information about me to other companies that want to market “their stuff” to me, among other things.
So this question of what an organization should do for individuals when they’ve exposed personal information about them in a data breach has many tentacles. Unfortunately no simple answers.
March 29, 2014 at 9:33 am
Excellent article.  Exposes much of the reality surrounding monitoring products and why the average consumer is so utterly confused and misinformed.   For the reasons stated in this article, and many more, our firm’s core belief is complete identity theft resolution for all types of identity theft/fraud.  When the circumstance of identity theft strikes (and it will strike all of us) we take charge, stop the thieves cold and fully resolve all issues whether it takes two hours or two years.  We do this not only for our Members, but also for any relative residing in the Member’s household.  It’s an incredible Program, 24/7/365 World-Wide.  Why would you pay for something that does not fix the problems?  We already know monitoring products are expensive and mostly ineffective.  It would be like buying car insurance that tells you that you just had an accident but is only going to fix a portion of your car…you have to fix the rest yourself.  Is that something you should pay for?  Check us out @ http://www.guardwellid.com We are growing exponentially because we do what we say we are going to do and we do it very well.  We protect families, not just individuals.
April 1, 2014 at 3:11 pm
I’m curious about everyone’s thoughts on monitoring/protecting children? Is this something that should be started at birth? I’d be interested to hear any stories out there.
April 2, 2014 at 6:52 pm
The market for Credit Monitoring Services (CMS) should determine whether subscribing to any CMS that covers one Credit Reporting Agency (CRA) given that there are 3 others, is useful as to comprehensibility, posting and reporting, timeliness, and cost. But “market” means fully informed buyers and sellers, negotiating on a standardized product. Most CMS buyers are ill-informed if not ignorant of the crucial details of the entire loan underwriting process, and the CMS sellers hype bells and whistles for a very marginal service.
Even using such a marginal service (“gee, it’s free from Target/Neiman’s, it can’t hurt”) helps delude the post-breach victim that he’ll get real defense with the core threat, the theft of his Critical Personal Identifying Info’s 4 elements (SSN, DOB, drivers license #, name), and his CPII’s mis-use.
I am not interested in being notified long after the fact of CPII compromise and New Account fraud, by a CMS cheerleader, and then trying to swab up the financial blood on the floor.
I am interested in PREVENTING the download of my CR to any NEW lender by a CPII thief, even if my CPII was previously compromised by my dentist’s admin assistant needing some ready cash, armed only with a flash drive; or an SQL insertion into my bank or his processor; or me handing my CPII to a “street entrepreneur” holding a gun; or me losing a wallet; or my (previously unknown) now gambling-addicted cousin rifling my financial cabinets during our annual family Thanksgiving dinner.
That kind of CR download prevention protection is available only from a Security Freeze.
It is definitely NOT available from a 90 day FA or a 7 year EFA, equally as marginal as CMS.
What you will spend ANNUALLY for CMS services, you can spend ONE TIME, for a lifetime Security Freeze at each of the four CRAs.
For your own NEW Credit applications, the Freeze can be lifted 15 minutes after your phone call with your PIN, to a dedicated CRA telephone line for a time specific period. You can get a Security Freeze for your baby, or your adult, but disabled child, or Alzheimered grandma; all stellar CPII theft candidates, along with you. This is 2014.
FYI: Loan Underwriting Process
When adverse data is posted on a CPII victim’s CRA Credit Report, it is long after the fact of:
a) when the ID thief submitted a loan application with the victim’s stolen CPII;
b) when the lender vetted the application (“CR pull”); and
c) granted the loan funds to the thief under stolen CPII (“same day loan service?”). Alas, the new loan’s existence will not be reported to the lender’s CRA until the usual date he sends off his “monthly loan performance tapes” to the CRA (1-30 days after loan funds granted);
d) when that loan went into “arrears”, and after its “late period” (after another 30-45 days);
e) when the lender reported that arrears to the CRA (see monthly loan performance tapes);
f) when the CRA got around to posting the adverse data to its CR database (5-10 days), and only then does the victim’s Credit Score really tank;
g) when the CMS service got around to sending a “Credit Score tank” email advisory to its client (only if the CMS is using that lender’s CRA’s database; delayed further if the CMS is using one of the other three);
h) when the victim properly interprets steps b) through g) and its meaning for him, whilst keeping his facebook account current and other charming aspects of 2014 tech life.
Did you follow all that and the players, time, and sequence involved?
However, there were two lender reported clues (one is murky) to the CRA early in the process that, had they been interpreted properly by the victim alone or his surrogate, would have informed both that his CPII had been compromised. But even if both clues were understood, it would not have ameliorated either the damage or the victim’s lengthy and costly repair effort. Those early points are b) and c) above, separated by 15-30 days.
Point b) would have been recorded as a “CR pull” at one of the four CRAs that the lender uses. Whether a New lender’s pull would have set off any alarm is problematic, as the victim’s existing lenders routinely do a CR pull (“inquiry”) as a legitimate part of existing loan risk management. New and existing lenders’ “pulls” are reported in the same section of the CR. To add further confusion/murky to that section, some legitimate lenders’ marketers may pull a “credit header” (top of the CR) which that CRA may or may not post as an “inquiry”. By itself, one inquiry has no effect on the Credit Score. A series of them within 45 days should, but not with the sheer tanking effect of an “arrears” post.
Point c) When the New loan was posted to the victim’s CR at the CRA, assuming the CMS noted it, did the victim understand what this meant? Even if he did, the thief has had his stolen funds for at least 3-10 weeks and a head start. A knowledgeable consumer helps, but what does he do with these CMS alerts when he’s on vacation or out of the country, or if/when the ID thief also compromised his CMS notification email account? Hmmmm.
(The Target breach involved 70 million email accounts, which is gravy sold separately from the stolen PII and 40 million credit cards, by the thieves. Hmmmm.)
When a CMS says he’ll “stop ID thieves cold”, put your hand on your wallet.
The CRA sloppiness described above and CMS “services” should be low hanging fruit to the CFPB, but they’ve got their hands full fighting pseudo “over reach claims” from the Hill, pushed by bank and credit union lobbyists. But I digress.
What won’t a Security Freeze stop?
An illegal alien buying my compromised CPII and using it to get a job in Utah, and registering to vote in many states and DC, for openers.
But at least I’ll learn about the job compromise when the IRS charges that I deliberately under-reported my income from a chicken chopper job in Utah and they have the W-2 to prove it. Right.
If your CPII is compromised, you will become intimately acquainted with affidavits and notaries. Did I say this is 2014?
CPII compromise and data security today is a race without a finish line. Prevent what you can prevent, with a Security Freeze. (Disclosure: I don’t sell them.)
Sally Beauty Confirms Card Data Breach
Nationwide cosmetics and beauty retailer Sally Beauty today confirmed that hackers had broken into its networks and stolen credit card...
Are Credit Monitoring Services Worth It?
In the wake of one data breach after another, millions of Americans each year are offered credit monitoring services that promise to shield them from identity thieves. Although these services can help true victims step out from beneath the shadow of ID theft, the sad truth is that most services offer little in the way of real preventative protection against the fastest-growing crime in America.
Having purchased credit monitoring/protection services for the past 24 months — and having been the target of multiple identity theft attempts — I feel somewhat qualified to share my experience with readers. The biggest takeaway for me has been that although these services may alert you when someone opens or attempts to open a new line of credit in your name, most will do little — if anything — to block that activity. My take: If you’re being offered free monitoring, it probably can’t hurt to sign up, but you shouldn’t expect the service to stop identity thieves from ruining your credit.
Avivah Litan, a fraud analyst at Gartner Inc., said offering credit monitoring has become the de facto public response for companies that experience a data breach, whether or not that breach resulted in the loss of personal information that could lead to actual identity theft (as opposed to mere credit card fraud).
“These are basically PR vehicles for most of the breached companies who offer credit report monitoring to potentially compromised consumers,” Litan said. “Breached companies such as Target like to offer it as a good PR move even though it does absolutely nothing to compensate for the fact that a criminal stole credit card mag stripe account data. My advice for consumers has been – sure get it for free from one of the companies where your data has been compromised (and surely these days there is at least one).  But don’t expect it to help much – by the time you get the alert, it’s too late, the damage has been done.  It just shortens the time to detection so you may have a slightly improved chance of cleaning up the damage faster.  And you can get your credit reports three times a year from the government website for free which is almost just as good so why pay for it ever?”
Normally, I place fraud alerts on my credit file every 90 days, as allowed by law. This step is supposed to require potential creditors to contact you and obtain your permission before opening new lines of credit in your name. You merely need to file a fraud alert (also called a “security alert”) with one of the credit bureaus ( Equifax , Experian or Trans Union ). Whichever one you file with is required by law to alert the other two bureaus as well.
Most consumers don’t know this (few consumers know the names of the three main credit bureaus), but there is actually a fourth credit bureau that you should alert: Innovis. This bureau follows the same rules as the big three, and you may file a fraud alert with them at this link .
Fraud alerts last 90 days, and you can renew them as often as you like (a recurring calendar entry can help with this task); consumers who can demonstrate that they are victims or are likely to be victims of identity theft can apply for a long-term fraud alert that lasts up to 7 years (a police report and other documentation may be required).
I’m not sure what happened last year, but I believe some fraudsters managed to apply for credit in my name right after my 90-day fraud alert had expired. In any case, I received a call from AllClearID (formerly Debix), a credit monitoring service that I’ve used for nearly two years now. AllClearID called to tell me someone had made several applications for credit with Capital One.
AllClearID quickly conferenced in a representative from Capital One’s fraud team, but Capital One wouldn’t tell us anything about the application unless I gave them every piece of information about me they didn’t already have. We went round and round with Capital One for hours about this, but got nowhere; I refused to hand over more personal information just to prove to them I wasn’t the one who made the application, and each new representative we spoke with made us retell the story from the beginning.
In all, I had several fraudulent applications for credit in my name, and while none of them were granted, each resulted in a “hard pull” against my credit file. Anytime a creditor pulls your credit file for the purposes of checking an application for new credit, it dings your credit score down a few notches. And as Evan Hendricks writes in his primer on the credit industry ( Credit Scores & Credit Reports: How the System Really Works, and What You Can Do ), “the worse your credit score, the more you pay for mortgages, loans, credit cards, and insurance. Conversely, the better your credit score, the more favorable terms you will get on interest rates and premiums.”
Unfortunately, another thing that often happens with fraudulent applications is that thieves use only part of your real information — mixing your name and Social Security number with an alternate address, for example. This is what happened on two of the fraudulent applications for credit in my name, with the result that this incorrect data was added to my credit file.
AllClearID has been tremendously professional, and quickly alerted me each time Capital One pulled my credit file. But the company could do nothing to stop creditors from pulling my file, or fraudsters from making new applications in my name. The biggest help they’ve been so far is in getting Capital One to remove the fraudulent (score-dinging) credit pulls from my file, and in scrubbing the fraudulent data from my credit file (actually, that part is ongoing: Trans Union has steadfastly ignored requests to remove bogus addresses on my file, necessitating AllClear’s filing of an official complaint with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ).
I asked several experts that I trust for their views on credit monitoring services in general, and to explain their benefits and weaknesses. I also wanted to know why none of the credit monitoring services will offer to renew 90-day fraud alerts on behalf of customers.
Julie Ferguson, a board member of the Identity Theft Resource Center , said a lawsuit by Experian against Lifelock effectively killed that service for virtually all credit monitoring services, with the exception of Equifax.
“After Experian sued Lifelock, none of the banks wanted to distribute and sell it as a service,” Ferguson said. “Equifax will still. Nobody else does anymore, not even Experian.”
Ferguson also stressed that there are varying levels of protection services offered by the credit bureaus and private companies, and that although many of them are priced similarly ($10-$15 per month), they vary widely in the services they provide.
Take, for example, the ProtectMyID package that Experian contracted with Target to offer customers following last year’s massive data breach . The service will monitor your credit report daily and alert you of any changes, and includes up to $1 million in identity theft protection insurance. The service also offers users a fraud resolution agent if identity theft does surface, and it provides a free copy of the user’s credit report (Experian is required by law to provide a free copy of your credit report each year anyway, via annualcreditreport.com). Those who sign up for the free service still have to pay extra to see a copy of their credit scores.
“The ‘protection’ provided by these services is really all over the map once you delve into the services they provide,” Ferguson said. “Some will give you credit monitoring only on one credit bureau, while others will monitor your file at all three.”
Avivah Litan, a fraud analyst with Gartner Inc., rattled off a long list of reasons why credit monitoring services aren’t much use to most consumers.
-Most won’t tell you if a new wireless or cable service has been taken out in your name.
-They do nothing to monitor your bank account transactions, credit card accounts (for fraudulent charges), retirement accounts, brokerage accounts, loyalty accounts and more. And these are all areas where consumers should be very concerned about account takeover.
-They do nothing to tell you if a bad guy has hijacked your identity for non-financial purposes, i.e. to get a new driver’s license, passport or other identity document.  Of course a bad guy impersonating a consumer using a forged identity document can end up in prison, causing lots of problems for the victim whose identity was hijacked.
-They do nothing to stop tax fraud (typically tax refund fraud) against you.  Same is true for other government benefit programs, i.e. medicare fraud, Medicaid fraud, welfare fraud, and Social Security fraud .
“In short, they only give consumers limited help with a very small percentage of the crimes that can be inflicted on them,” Litan said. “And consumers can get most of that limited help for free via the government website or free monitoring from a breached entity where their data inevitably was compromised.”
DO THESE SERVICES HELP AT ALL?
“They help if it’s too hard for you to look through your free credit report and make sense of all the activity in it,” Litan said. “Also they can alert you faster than the free credit report does, depending on timing of the infraction and when you look at your free credit report.”
Litan added that some services — such as Lifelock — have a few extra bells and whistles. For example, Lifelock sometimes gets information (such as from the Early Warning System ) when profile information on your bank account has changed (e.g. change of address).
“They also have access to most mobile carrier account application data,” Litan said. “Equifax has some extra utility company data.  So, some of these firms have access to some extra data than can help in other scenarios.”
While most plans offer identity theft insurance — usually advertised as up to $1 million — most of that is coverage consumers already have under existing laws and Visa/MC zero liability rules, Litan says.
“On top of that they reimburse ID theft victims for some legal fees and some minor expenses like postage stamps,” Litan said. “But if someone takes out a mortgage in your name and now you owe the bank $100k or more – nobody covers that, and that’s what they need to cover.”
Ferguson said credit monitoring services are most useful for people who have already been victimized or for those who are likely to be victimized (by an jilted spouse/lover, or stalker, for example). For those individuals, it makes sense to purchase a plan that offers triple credit bureau monitoring for maximum protection. The main downside of this approach is that a fraudulent application for credit can result in a deluge of alerts, emails and phone calls from all three bureaus simultaneously.
ALTERNATIVES TO CREDIT MONITORING
As mentioned above, placing a fraud alert on your credit file every 90 days is the cheapest (as in free) way to block creditors from granting new lines of credit in your name, and from unnecessarily dinging your credit score.
You are entitled to a free copy of your credit report from each of the three major credit bureaus annually. The only site you need to obtain this free copy is annualcreditreport.com , or by phone via 877-322-8228. Everywhere else will try to sell you a report, or offer a “free” report if you agree to sign up for some kind of subscription service — usually credit monitoring.
If you have been the victim of identity theft, or if you don’t anticipate needing to take out a loan or apply for new lines of credit anytime soon and you’d rather not deal with fraud alerts, placing a freeze on your credit file may be the smarter option.
A security freeze gives consumers the choice to “freeze” or lock access to their credit file against anyone trying to open up a new account or to get new credit in their name. As Consumers  Union writes, “when a security freeze is in place at all three major credit bureaus, an identity thief cannot open a new account because the potential creditor or seller of services will not be able to check the credit file. When the consumer is applying for credit, he or she can lift the freeze temporarily using a PIN so legitimate applications for credit or services can be processed.”
Forty-nine states and the District of Columbia now have laws on the books allowing consumers to freeze their credit (Michigan is the holdout). Many of these laws allow the placement of a freeze for free if the consumer has a police report documenting an identity theft episode; for those without an ID theft scare notched on their belt, most states allow for the placement of a freeze for a $10 fee. See this site for more details on the various state freeze laws and instructions on how to obtain them.
Consumers also can reduce their exposure to identity theft by opting out of unsolicited credit card or insurance offers. Doing this, via  www.optoutprescreen.com , or 888-5OPT-OUT, should block most unsolicited applications and reduce the incidence of identity theft. Doing so removes your name, address and personal identifiers from lists supplied by the Equifax, Experian, TransUnion and Innovis credit reporting agencies that are used for preapproved and pre-screened offers of credit or insurance.
Tags: AllClearID , annualcreditreport.com , avivah litan , capital one , Consumers Union , Debix , Early Warning System , Equifax , Evan Hendrix , Experian , Gartner Inc. , Identity Theft Resource Center , Innovis , Julie Ferguson , Lifelock , ProtectMyID , target , TransUnion
This entry was posted on Wednesday, March 19th, 2014 at 10:51 am      and is filed under A Little Sunshine .       You can follow any comments to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.               Both comments and pings are currently closed.
March 26, 2014 at 12:35 pm
I used to have an account with AllClearId (formerly Debix) when the price was a reasonable $10 per year or so, but I dropped it because the price increased to a very unreasonable $8/month and because I realized after I had refinanced a mortgage that the company had done absolulely nothing during the process to warn me that new credit was being established in my name. About a month later my cell phone rang asking me if I had opened a mortgage, and at that point the damage would have already been done.
Consumer Reports recommended this year against using any credit monitoring service for this exact reason. You can accomplish the same thing for free by spreading out your free credit reports to once every four months and removing your name from the pre-screen opt out list.
March 26, 2014 at 4:02 pm
Although I totally agree with you, and that is how I used to do it – I decided to go with a service from my password management company, because they have built a solid reputation for closely monitoring the security of their servers, and I wasn’t as nervous at having my information there. Also they encrypt everything just in case there was a breach. I get absolutely instantaneous alerts from them right at my computer desktop! I once applied for a loan at the bank and 15 minutes after I got home the alert popped up detailing what, when, and where the requesting agency made the credit inquiry. So far I’ve never been let down by LastPass, going on two years now. I was also able to look at any addresses I’d supposedly lived at, and vetted those as well.
You can take advantage of the free product as well, which may be the smartest way to go ever. They will alert you to changes, then they even recommend you can contact the reporting services for free, just as you have detailed, but in this scheme you would get timely information, and not waste any free reports until needed. That is the way I see it – maybe someone could read the agreement further and suggest corrections to my understanding here:
March 26, 2014 at 1:57 pm
Equifax, no problem, experian would not allow me to place a freeze on our names for me or my husband and there is no way to talk to a person, live on the phone. Does anyone know how to either get a hold of esperian or why they would not allow us to place a security freeze on our lives?
March 26, 2014 at 3:27 pm
Others have written good advice on freeze information here, but I have read it can be hard to get anything done, especially with Experian. I bet if you sent a letter they’d have to respond.
Send all mail CERTIFIED. Certified mail cannot easily be ignored. And send copies, never originals, of all documents.
Usually if the online process doesn’t work it will redirect you to a page that you can print out, with the forms you need. I’ve never done this for a credit freeze though, but I would think there would   also be a choice in this process online.
March 26, 2014 at 7:23 pm
In his article above he states” Normally, I place fraud alerts on my credit file every 90 days, as allowed by law. This step is supposed to require potential creditors to contact you and obtain your permission before opening new lines of credit in your name. You merely need to file a fraud alert (also called a “security alert”) with one of the credit bureaus (Equifax, Experian or Trans Union). Whichever one you file with is required by law to alert the other two bureaus as well.”
If this is true it would seem you would not have to contact Experian directly to get  it  with them as well. At least that is how I interpret it.
March 26, 2014 at 7:25 pm
Freeze != fraud alert. You can’t enact a freeze with all three bureaus by just alerting one. You need to file a freeze request with all, and any unfreeze requests on individual basis.
March 26, 2014 at 2:38 pm
This article from Mr. Krebs brings up a number of interesting questions in addition to the one that the title poses (are credit monitoring services worth it?). One that I think most salient, right on the back of the huge Target breach, is whether the current approach taken by companies in responding to a data breach effective for the affected individuals?
Now let’s consider that there are multiple factors at play in crafting a data breach response strategy. There are regulatory mandates based on state data breach notification laws, and in some cases federal regulations, that require notification of the affected population and have something to say about what content must be included in the notification. Then there is, in many cases, an offer of a free identity protection product (most typically credit monitoring) for some period of time (typically no less than one year) which is done voluntarily by the breached organization.
As Avivah Litan from Gartner, Inc. notes, the offer of credit monitoring has become a “defacto public response” to a data breach and that this can be done as much or more for “PR” purposes in intent, rather than a result of thoughtfully consideration as to whether this is the most efficacious offering for addressing the potential harms to the affected individuals. Which gets back to the title question as to “are credit monitoring services worth it?”
I generally agree with Mr. Krebs that “it probably can’t hurt”. It’s like taking your vitamins when you feel like you may be coming down with a cold.  They might help. They aren’t the only way for you to get those nutrients, you could always eat healthier and drink a lot of orange juice for extra vitamin C, but it might make you feel just a little better knowing that you’re doing something to address this new risk.
So given this, two things where I’d like to suggest some food for thought. First, should legislators do more to ensure consumer protection in cases of malicious data breaches? If offering credit monitoring has become “defacto”, and if it isn’t very efficacious, should more or something different be required? Some in the industry have suggested that a more effective solution would be to provide identity restoration services. Rather than using credit monitoring to provide a late, early-warning indicator, maybe consumers would be better off with services to help them out if/when they become a victim of identity theft? (full disclosure: my company, ID Experts, provides fully managed identity restoration services)
And second, there is the nagging question in the back of my mind as to whether I’m comfortable giving Experian more information about me. By signing up for their credit monitoring, they how have a valid email address and phone number for me. And they also have my permission to send me emails encouraging me to “buy extra stuff”. I’m certain to get offers to upgrade my service and to sign up to pay for service once the free offering period expires.  Maybe of even greater concern to me, though, is that Experian is in the business of selling information about me to other companies that want to market “their stuff” to me, among other things.
So this question of what an organization should do for individuals when they’ve exposed personal information about them in a data breach has many tentacles. Unfortunately no simple answers.
March 29, 2014 at 9:33 am
Excellent article.  Exposes much of the reality surrounding monitoring products and why the average consumer is so utterly confused and misinformed.   For the reasons stated in this article, and many more, our firm’s core belief is complete identity theft resolution for all types of identity theft/fraud.  When the circumstance of identity theft strikes (and it will strike all of us) we take charge, stop the thieves cold and fully resolve all issues whether it takes two hours or two years.  We do this not only for our Members, but also for any relative residing in the Member’s household.  It’s an incredible Program, 24/7/365 World-Wide.  Why would you pay for something that does not fix the problems?  We already know monitoring products are expensive and mostly ineffective.  It would be like buying car insurance that tells you that you just had an accident but is only going to fix a portion of your car…you have to fix the rest yourself.  Is that something you should pay for?  Check us out @ http://www.guardwellid.com We are growing exponentially because we do what we say we are going to do and we do it very well.  We protect families, not just individuals.
April 1, 2014 at 3:11 pm
I’m curious about everyone’s thoughts on monitoring/protecting children? Is this something that should be started at birth? I’d be interested to hear any stories out there.
April 2, 2014 at 6:52 pm
The market for Credit Monitoring Services (CMS) should determine whether subscribing to any CMS that covers one Credit Reporting Agency (CRA) given that there are 3 others, is useful as to comprehensibility, posting and reporting, timeliness, and cost. But “market” means fully informed buyers and sellers, negotiating on a standardized product. Most CMS buyers are ill-informed if not ignorant of the crucial details of the entire loan underwriting process, and the CMS sellers hype bells and whistles for a very marginal service.
Even using such a marginal service (“gee, it’s free from Target/Neiman’s, it can’t hurt”) helps delude the post-breach victim that he’ll get real defense with the core threat, the theft of his Critical Personal Identifying Info’s 4 elements (SSN, DOB, drivers license #, name), and his CPII’s mis-use.
I am not interested in being notified long after the fact of CPII compromise and New Account fraud, by a CMS cheerleader, and then trying to swab up the financial blood on the floor.
I am interested in PREVENTING the download of my CR to any NEW lender by a CPII thief, even if my CPII was previously compromised by my dentist’s admin assistant needing some ready cash, armed only with a flash drive; or an SQL insertion into my bank or his processor; or me handing my CPII to a “street entrepreneur” holding a gun; or me losing a wallet; or my (previously unknown) now gambling-addicted cousin rifling my financial cabinets during our annual family Thanksgiving dinner.
That kind of CR download prevention protection is available only from a Security Freeze.
It is definitely NOT available from a 90 day FA or a 7 year EFA, equally as marginal as CMS.
What you will spend ANNUALLY for CMS services, you can spend ONE TIME, for a lifetime Security Freeze at each of the four CRAs.
For your own NEW Credit applications, the Freeze can be lifted 15 minutes after your phone call with your PIN, to a dedicated CRA telephone line for a time specific period. You can get a Security Freeze for your baby, or your adult, but disabled child, or Alzheimered grandma; all stellar CPII theft candidates, along with you. This is 2014.
FYI: Loan Underwriting Process
When adverse data is posted on a CPII victim’s CRA Credit Report, it is long after the fact of:
a) when the ID thief submitted a loan application with the victim’s stolen CPII;
b) when the lender vetted the application (“CR pull”); and
c) granted the loan funds to the thief under stolen CPII (“same day loan service?”). Alas, the new loan’s existence will not be reported to the lender’s CRA until the usual date he sends off his “monthly loan performance tapes” to the CRA (1-30 days after loan funds granted);
d) when that loan went into “arrears”, and after its “late period” (after another 30-45 days);
e) when the lender reported that arrears to the CRA (see monthly loan performance tapes);
f) when the CRA got around to posting the adverse data to its CR database (5-10 days), and only then does the victim’s Credit Score really tank;
g) when the CMS service got around to sending a “Credit Score tank” email advisory to its client (only if the CMS is using that lender’s CRA’s database; delayed further if the CMS is using one of the other three);
h) when the victim properly interprets steps b) through g) and its meaning for him, whilst keeping his facebook account current and other charming aspects of 2014 tech life.
Did you follow all that and the players, time, and sequence involved?
However, there were two lender reported clues (one is murky) to the CRA early in the process that, had they been interpreted properly by the victim alone or his surrogate, would have informed both that his CPII had been compromised. But even if both clues were understood, it would not have ameliorated either the damage or the victim’s lengthy and costly repair effort. Those early points are b) and c) above, separated by 15-30 days.
Point b) would have been recorded as a “CR pull” at one of the four CRAs that the lender uses. Whether a New lender’s pull would have set off any alarm is problematic, as the victim’s existing lenders routinely do a CR pull (“inquiry”) as a legitimate part of existing loan risk management. New and existing lenders’ “pulls” are reported in the same section of the CR. To add further confusion/murky to that section, some legitimate lenders’ marketers may pull a “credit header” (top of the CR) which that CRA may or may not post as an “inquiry”. By itself, one inquiry has no effect on the Credit Score. A series of them within 45 days should, but not with the sheer tanking effect of an “arrears” post.
Point c) When the New loan was posted to the victim’s CR at the CRA, assuming the CMS noted it, did the victim understand what this meant? Even if he did, the thief has had his stolen funds for at least 3-10 weeks and a head start. A knowledgeable consumer helps, but what does he do with these CMS alerts when he’s on vacation or out of the country, or if/when the ID thief also compromised his CMS notification email account? Hmmmm.
(The Target breach involved 70 million email accounts, which is gravy sold separately from the stolen PII and 40 million credit cards, by the thieves. Hmmmm.)
When a CMS says he’ll “stop ID thieves cold”, put your hand on your wallet.
The CRA sloppiness described above and CMS “services” should be low hanging fruit to the CFPB, but they’ve got their hands full fighting pseudo “over reach claims” from the Hill, pushed by bank and credit union lobbyists. But I digress.
What won’t a Security Freeze stop?
An illegal alien buying my compromised CPII and using it to get a job in Utah, and registering to vote in many states and DC, for openers.
But at least I’ll learn about the job compromise when the IRS charges that I deliberately under-reported my income from a chicken chopper job in Utah and they have the W-2 to prove it. Right.
If your CPII is compromised, you will become intimately acquainted with affidavits and notaries. Did I say this is 2014?
CPII compromise and data security today is a race without a finish line. Prevent what you can prevent, with a Security Freeze. (Disclosure: I don’t sell them.)
Sally Beauty Confirms Card Data Breach
Nationwide cosmetics and beauty retailer Sally Beauty today confirmed that hackers had broken into its networks and stolen credit card...
